Ema’s bladder Technology Vol 2 & 3 - Ema’s Secret is leaked & An ultimate fantasy is complete

Author: YassmineK

*000*2023-08-11 16:41

This story is just the developing relationship between Ema and her best friend Akira, as well as introducing Ema’s powers to Akira, also I am running out of ideas already, so if you have any ideas or want to see me write about a certain fantasy or scenario then just comment below and I’ll try use the comments as some inspiration, additionally, thank you to all the messages and comments I’ve received praising my fiction work, I appreciate it very much and I’m glad you enjoy the works.

As always, a brief explanation and also, previous volumes are uploaded and available to read if and when you want to see what else has happened and to add more context to what you’re reading.

Ema has discovered she has strange bladder powers which enables her much more control over her and others bladders, she is into Omorashi and this improves her experience tenfold, this series is just about the various experiences she goes through with these powers, whether they be used for good, bad, or personal enjoyment. As always, enjoy, and thanks for reading.

It was a Saturday, two weeks had already passed by in her first term back at Med School in Hiroshima, and Ema had been very stressed as of recent, but not because of her education, instead she had been worried and stressed about her newfound powers, and how to use them, “great power requires great responsibility” and all that, as she had been feeling guilty about how she had used her powers so far, she had been thinking about how guilty she felt for Mrs Jones, her teacher, who she had used her powers on to make wet herself in front of her class “sure, you could argue that she deserved it for not letting Heidi and other student use the toilet, and also causing me to leak as well, but I can’t forget the look of sheer distraught and panic on her face” Ema thought to herself. “Surely, I can’t keep this to myself forever, I want to talk to someone about it, but no one would believe me, they’d all think I was lying or crazy” she continued in her head.

After lying in her bed for hours, it was 11am at this point and she hadn’t gotten out of bed or gotten dressed, she hadn’t even used the toilet that morning, she used her powers to deposit it into her younger sister, who used the toilet for her. She eventually decided, since she wasn’t able to sleep the previous night and was still stressed about it in the morning, she decided she had to tell someone. She shot out of bed suddenly, wearing just a pair of black panties, looked herself in the mirror “I don’t look like a bad person, I think I should ask someone for help, but who exactly? Who would believe me?” She said quietly to herself in the mirror before thinking about who to ask, then she remembered, Akari, her lifelong friend and neighbour, she had been a close and loyal friend to Ema for years. “Yeah, Akari might be able to understand” she said to herself.

Ema walked back over to her bed and picked up her phone and began to type out a message to Akari, she was still nervous about asking her though, she began to type a message out but kept back pedalling, Akari got a notification saying Ema had been typing, after about 10 minutes, Akari got impatient and messaged her “r u writing me a fckin poem or what? Spit it out already Ema ffs” this message calmed Ema’s nerves a bit and made her laugh, she responded quickly saying “Can we meet at ur house? Got something I wanna talk about” Akari responded quickly saying “sure, I’m at the gym until 1 tho, come by mine around that time”, Ema responded “1 exactly?” Akari responded by sending a picture of her in the gym, very sweaty and looking tired but slightly smiling and holding a thumbs up.

Ema smiled, and she put her phone down to get ready. She took off her panties and grabbed a towel and went to the shower. She got dressed into a black sports bra, a pair of red panties, black Nike pro short shorts and some white Nike socks, she put on a pair of panda dunks as well. She had breakfast, brushed her teeth, even did her makeup and hair despite the fact that she knew there was no point cause she wasn’t doing anything aside from meeting Akari and Akari wouldn’t care if she had or hadn’t been done up. By the time she was ready, it was 12:55, just about time to head to Akari’s, she literally only lived across the street so she just waited by Akari’s door until she came home.

A minute later, Akari came round the corner with her house keys in her hand, wearing some red dunks, white ankle socks, grey leggings and a black crop top, her hair was tied back and she looked very sweaty and tired.

“oh hey Ema, I’ll let you in now” said Akari

“hey, thanks” replied Ema.

Akari unlocked the door and walked inside, she took her shoes off by the door and Ema did the same, she then followed Akari up to her bedroom. Akari sat down on her bed and laid down and sighed, Ema was still stood up just watching her.

“come, sit down on the bed it’s ok” Akari said “what is it you wanna talk about then?” She followed up with.

”thanks again Akira, this is difficult for me to say though so sorry if I take my time a bit with this one, I also just wanna ask you to believe me, even though it may seem strange” Ema said in a shy tone.

“ok?” Akira said whilst raising her eyebrow “Just tell me stop being a weirdo.”

Akira began to untie her hair and let it loose again as well as doing some stretches, she got up to grab a drink of water from her bag as well.

“well are you gonna say something?” Asked Akira. Ema was sat looking shy and worried on her bed, Akira came back and put her arm around her “whatever you’re gonna say just say it, I’m not gonna look at you any differently, just lay it on me” Akira said in a soft and comforting tone, in contrary to her normal, high energy, almost tomboyish voice. “You’re not gonna believe this, and that’s fine I can convince you if you don’t, but I…I…” Ema said and began to stutter, “you? You what?” Asked Akira. Ema finally tried her best to let it out “I somehow have the power to make people pee themselves, I don’t know why but I just do” Ema said softly and quietly.

“What? No you know I can’t believe that, that’s bullshit Ema. Come on, what do you actually wanna tell me?” Akira asked, “no I’m being serious Akira, please understand, I look at someone’s crotch and I am able to control or do things to their bladder, it sounds stupid I know. But you remember what happened to Mrs Jones yeah? When she pissed herself for a solid 10 minutes or so?” Ema said in an agitated and upset tone, “yeah I remember that, was funny as fuck, got what she deserved for not letting us go piss” Akira responded “and you’re implying that you somehow made her piss herself? I don’t believe you sorry Ema, that’s just unbelievable” she continued. Ema was about to speak again but Akira interjected saying “you know what actually, I’m not even gonna argue. If you claim you can make people piss themselves at will, prove it to me, make me wet myself, go on. I’m gonna use the toilet first though, cause I don’t believe you can actually do that” Ema nodded as she awaited Akiras return.

Akira came back after a minute and said “okay I’m ready, my bladder is literally empty, make me piss myself. And in fact you know what, I have such confidence that you can’t do it, let’s do this out in my front garden.” Ema agreed and they went out to Akiras’ front garden, it was very much in the public view as many cars passed by and a lot of people were walking by too.

“Ok, when you’re ready” Akira said in a cocky tone of voice. “It might take up to a minute or two okay?” Ema replied. “Sure, I mean my bladder is literally empty, I can’t piss if I wanted to” Akira stood there with her legs separated slightly and her hands on her hips, looking somewhat disappointed at Ema. Ema looked down at Akira’s crotch, indeed she was completely empty. Ema selected the “ultimate withdraw” option when presented with the UI. She selected the destination to be Akira’s bladder, it read an astonishing 1600ml, she was amazed and secretly a little turned on, Ema was excited for this because although she didn’t want a relationship, she considered Akira to be one of the most attractive women she’d met and was excited to see her pee.

She then selected the source to fill Akira’s bladder, Ultimate Withdrawal now allowed her to select multiple sources for filling up a bladder, including non pee sources, such as the ocean and other body’s of water, including things like water bottles. Ema looked around and there wasn’t that many people around, they were also out of range to be used, she looked at the pond in Akira’s front garden and used that as a source, she selected 2000ml and was prompted with a warning message saying “WARNING - recipient selected for withdrawal has not got the required capacity to store this amount, selecting continue will cause the recipient to instantly lose control, proceed?” Ema selected Yes.

“okay, it should be coming in a couple seconds now” said Ema

”yeah of course, there’s literally nothing in my bladder, I can’t piss mys-“ Akira spoke but then suddenly stopped, she looked down and her stomach started to swell slightly. She crossed her legs and put her hands in her crotch, she looked back up at Ema looked confused, “what the fuck is happening, what did you do??” Akira said, her efforts were in vain though as she started to uncontrollable piss her grey leggings, the wet patch quickly soaked into her Gymshark leggings and covered her front and back of her legs rapidly, she kept looking down at her legs and back up at Ema, moving her legs around to try and cross them correctly to stop the flow, there was a large puddle already forming beneath her, she had been pissing for about a minute and some passer-by were staring at her, Akita’s face turned bright red as she ran down the side of her house, leaving a trail of piss on her concrete path Ema followed and looked back up to the street to see a small group of people had been watching.

Once Akira had ran off they all went away. Ema saw Akira leaning against the wall, still pissing like a fire hydrant, “oh my God Ema how the fuck did you do this, shit, this is so fucking embarrassing” she said as she was still squirming to try and stop the piss stream, her leggings were absorbing so much and were soaked already, Ema looked down at Akita’s bladder and she still had another 500ml to go before she stopped. “It feels like I haven’t pissed for a year and a half, ahhh” Akira moaned loudly as Ema quietly enjoyed the sight. Akita’s white socks had turned completely transparent from the amount of piss as well. Akira managed to calm herself down as her face was no longer red, and she was standing normally, she was still pissing, but had gotten used to it by now.

”yeah I really didn’t expect that to happen, fuck me honestly. I regret not believing you now, fuck.” Akira said, “yeah, it’s not exactly easy to believe though. Sorry for making it so dramatic” replied Ema. “It’s fine, karma I guess” Akira replied. She eventually stopped pissing, her leggings, panties and socks completely soaked and what looked like a small river or stream had formed beneath her with how much she pissed. Akira walked back to the front door with a slight waddle, and still leaking a bit of pee that was soaked into her leggings as she walked and Ema followed. Before stepping in, Akira took off her socks and rung them out, she also wiped her feet along the dry concrete path to try and dry them off a bit, she stepped inside and Ema Followed.

“I need to shower, not only was I sweaty from the gym but now I’m soaked in piss too, just give me a minute would you Ema, oh and can you grab me some new clothes too please, thanks” Akira said to Ema before running to the bathroom. Ema agreed and went and grabbed some black leggings, white socks, a black thong and a white t shirt and placed it in the bathroom whilst Akira was showering, she stepped into the bathroom and was greeted by Akira’s voice “thanks, no peeking you fucking perv” she shouted and joked over the sound of the running water. Ema laughed and jokingly pulled the shower curtain back a little bit, they had seen each other naked countless times so it wasn’t that much of an issue to them, “Perv!” Akira shouted at Ema, Ema laughed and exited the shower and waited in Akiras room.

After a couple minutes Akira came back upstairs, dressed but still with wet hair, she came in and sat on the bed next to Ema “fucking hell I really didn’t expect that, how did you even do that?” Akira asked, Ema explained “I just look down at your crotch and it gives me a bunch of options, one of them is to completely fill your bladder to make you pee yourself”, Akira looked down at Ema’s crotch to see if she could do the same, but to no avail.

“Nah nothing, you’re lucky though cause I’d have gotten some payback if I could” Akira joked. “So was it just you wanted to show me this or what?” Akira Asked. “Well I’ve been thinking about how I use it, I can literally use it on anyone, I used it on Mrs Jones, I used it on Heidi from our class, I’ve now used it on you and I’ve even used it on my own mother so that she would stop bothering me when I came home super drunk once, I only became aware of it recently. I just feel weird about using it, guilty almost” Ema explained “so why don’t you just not use it then?” Asked Akira, Ema replied with “it’s cause I…I-“ “it’s cause you like it don’t you Ema?” Said Akira “you enjoy making people wet themselves? I’ll be honest after knowing you for 19 years, I can’t say I’m too surprised, don’t worry about it I’d say” Ema was startled, “how did you-“

“Because no average girl wets themselves that many times and in the scenarios that you have, for a while I just thought you had a weak bladder, but eventually I started to realise you didn’t look too unhappy about it and started to think you enjoyed it” Akira interrupted, “was it really that obvious?” Asked Ema, who had gone bright red from embarrassment “sometimes” replied Akira “but typically, no one drinks four bottles of water 15 minutes into a movie, and then not leave to use the bathroom when both of us were talking about how shit it was, you could’ve at least picked a good movie to be a bit more convincing.

Also, if I had trouble holding my pee in, you wouldn’t catch me wearing white jeans that go see through when they get wet as regularly as you do” Ema had turned even brighter red with embarrassment and had coiled up on Akira’s bed and she lay there silently “ah don’t worry about it Em, it’s normal to have a kink” said Akira in a comforting, almost motherly voice “your secret is safe with me at least, but you are worried for what reason? Cause you feel guilty for it?” Ema said very quietly “yeah, I just feel like a bad person for making Mrs Jones and my mother wet themselves”

“Ah they can go fuck themselves honestly, Mrs Jones had it coming, remember last year when I pissed myself cause of her? Some other people in that class did too, she deserved what you did to her. As for your own mom, I mean we’re 20, we are adults, why is she still shouting at you for doing things that most adults do anyway? What I’d do if I were you, use it exactly how you wanna use it, and don’t worry” Said Akira. Ema started to feel a bit better and sat upright, Akira was sat very close to her, their thighs were touching, she began to ask “Ema, just then when I wet myself, did you enjoy that?” Ema looked at Akira who had a seductive look in her eyes and was biting her lip slightly, Ema blushed and looked away.

“Hmm, you look so cute when you’re embarrassed” and gave Ema a kiss on the cheek Ema didn’t know how to feel, but she liked what Akira was doing “I’d love to keep you longer, but I gotta leave for guitar practice in 15 minutes, so I gotta ask you to leave for now, but I’ll message you later ok” Akira said and winked at the end at Ema. Ema was a bit overwhelmed, still blushing hard and was nervous, she let out a quick “sorry, I’ll leave now, thanks again”, “it’s no problem” said Akira, Ema leant over to hug Akira, Akira was taller and hugged back, she gave Ema another kiss on the forehead this time and let go of her, Ema was still blushing and quickly left, putting her shoes on and leaving out the front door and back into her house across the street, “bye” Akira shouted as Ema left.

Ema went back to her house and up to her room, her mother was in the kitchen. “Hi I’m home” said Ema quietly, “hi” her mother responded “have fun?” Her mother turned to face Ema “yeah thanks” said Ema, “I could tell” replied her mother, laughing to herself slightly, “what do you mean?” Questioned Ema “go look in the mirror dear” Ema realised that she probably had a lipstick kiss mark on her face, she quickly went up to her room and looked in her mirror to see it, indeed, it was a red lipstick kiss mark on her check from Akira.

She went on her phone to see she had a message from Akira, she opened it, it was a picture of her topless in her bathroom with the message underneath “took this earlier in the shower for you xx” Ema didn’t really know what to respond with, and sent “ omg xx” and followed up with “my mom questioned me about this” with an attached image of her cheek Akira responded with “lmao” and then followed up with a “come by mine later? Like 11 ish? xx” Ema responded with “yes please xx”

*003*2023-08-12 14:24

{{19 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Cool stories, I hope that their relationship will blossom into something beautiful, fulfilling. and sexy. also does ema have a crush on Akira and a possible Sub/Dom relationship with her as the sub and Akira AS THE DOM?

Sorry to be impatient, but will you still do my masochist popular girl idea?

}}

Maybe, I’ll be honest I’m more or less taking it comes, like I haven’t got a large scale plot in mind at the moment, but if that were to happen, just for ease of writing and more opportunity, they’d probably both be a switch.

It’s an interesting idea, but I am still sort of puzzled on how to implement it properly is all, cause yeah I could write about it soon, but since you seem enthusiastic about it, I want to do it properly and have it written well, rather than having it for the sake of it. But it will come in, I like the idea myself and want to write about it, but just unsure how to fit it into the current plot effectively is all, apologies if it takes a little while though

