Persona 4 - Yosuke's Long and Desperate Day

Author: Yawnoslom

*000*2025-07-16 14:13

2/7

Morning

____________

"Yosuke...wake uuuup~"

The young man rolled over. He was having the most pleasant dream. It had something to do with sexy scantily dressed nurses, but slowly, he was ripped out of his perfect fantasy and pulled back into boring reality. He groaned, feeling a soft, fuzzy hand lightly shaking him. He yanked the covers over his head, hoping he could go back to bed and just ignore it.

"C'mon, sleepy head! You can't go into hibearnation now! You'll miss the exams!"

That got his attention. Yosuke's eyes shot open, and he sat up quickly. Standing at the side of his bed was his lovable (?) mascot friend and roommate, Teddie. The bear stepped back, watching as the young man started to freak out.

"E-Exams?! Crap, I nearly forgot. It's the first day of them, and I'm gonna be late! What the hell happened to my alarm?!"

"I turned em off!" Teddie replied, a dumb grin etched on his face. Yosuke would strangle him if his head wasn't so big.

"YOU WHAT?! Why would you do that?!" He screamed. Teddie backed away, covering his ears and cowering from all the yelling.

"I-I was only trying to help," he replied meekly. "See, I figured if I turned off your alarms, you could get some extra sleep. More sleep means more energy and focus! Which also means you have a better chance at passing your exams! Isn't that great? Ehehe...heh..."

Yosuke grumbled, quickly climbing out of bed. He didn't have time for his usual morning routine of a shower and breakfast. He threw on his usual attire as fast as he could and barreled out the door, but not without giving Teddie a warning...

"When I get back home later you're SO dead!"

The bear sighed, feeling dejected. He was only trying to help. "Sheesh, what a grouch!"

Yosuke ran outside, taking his bike out of the garage and parking his butt on the seat. The impact made him aware of some pressure coming from down below.

"Crap. Forgot to take a leak..."

Usually when he showered in the morning, he'd just aim towards the drain and let loose. Though he didn't have time for such a luxury this morning. Thankfully, It wasn't even that bad. Just a slight tingling in his bladder. When he shifted around a bit, he could hardly even feel it anymore.

"Eh, I'll just go at school," he sighed. He put his feet on the pedals, and off he went. The road to school wasn't too complicated. One of the perks of living in such a small, low populated town was that you never had to worry about traffic. The young man sighed, relieved that the roads weren't slick with ice from the cold winter weather either. There had been some heavy rain last night, so it was on the back of his mind. Thankfully, even if Teddie threw off his usual morning routine, it seemed like he wouldn't be too late afterall.

Yosuke went a little faster, and soon enough, he arrived at the gates of Yasogami High. It was a bit empty out, with only a stray student here and there. Yosuke parked his bike and rushed in. It was like night and day compared to what was going on outside. Some students were rushing to their classes, while others were hoping to sneak in some last minute studying. He rubbed the sweat off his forehead, relieved he had seemed to make it just in time.

Yosuke was a fairly bright young man, and more smart then he may even give himself credit for. When the murder cases began in Inaba, he had been the one to make most of the proper deductions. It was only when Naoto joined that he took a backseat, but the case may have went in the wrong direction without his initial assistance. When it came to school and studying, how did those smarts hold up? Well, at the very least, he had made an effort to at least try a little harder now that the case was over and solved. Instead of waiting until the last minute, Yosuke had spent some time studying everyday all throughout the week. For once, he felt more prepared then ever to take on his exams.

As he quickly emptied some stuff into his locker that he didn't need, the bell rung. Every student that wasn't in class already, immediately made a mad dash to their rooms. Yosuke made his way up to the second floor, but on the way, spotted the boy's bathroom. His bladder tingled at the sight.

"Just a quick trip to the urinal and then I'll go-"

"Hanamura! Didn't you hear the bell? Get your butt in here for the exam!" Kashiwagi shouted, poking her head out of the classroom. His homeroom teacher seemed to be looking for any stray students, and unfortunately, he was caught at a bad time.

"I was just-"

"Now, please! Or else I'll have to fail you..."

He didn't need to hear another word. Ditching his trip to the bathroom, Yosuke walked right over to Kashiwagi's class. Before going inside, he spared one last look at the restroom.

"It's just two hours. I can hold it."

Yosuke took his seat. The class was abuzz with students having last minute study sessions. Nearly everyone seemed to be in a panic. Yosuke was a little proud of himself that he wasn't in that position for once. He was actually feeling confident.

"What's with that smirk, Yosuke?" Chie asked, cocking an eyebrow at him. Yu, who sat in front of him, turned back to see his partner grinning ear to ear. Yosuke leaned forward, more then happy to admit his newfound confidence.

"Let's just say, I've been taking studying a little more seriously. I've been pulling all nighters, and I've never felt more prepared!" He beamed. Chie's jaw dropped, and Yu couldn't help but smile back.

"Not bad, Yosuke. Proud of you man," he said. Yosuke couldn't help but blush, feeling his heart beat a little quicker. Chie huffed in frustration, feeling betrayed. "W-What gives, Yosuke?! Flunking our exams together was like, the one thing you and I had in common!"

Yukiko, who was sitting in front of Chie, turned around at the commotion. She overhead Yosuke's good news, but didn't expect her best friend to be so angry. A small chuckle escaped her. "Don't worry, Chie. I'm sure you'll do just fine."

Chie groaned in response. "Easy for you to say! You're a straight-A student!" She practically yelled.

Kashiwagi walked to the front of her class, finally catching all of her stray students. She clapped her hands loudly, getting the attention of all the nervous students in the room.

"Settle down, class! It's time for the first day of the exams. I'm sure you all know the drill by now. No talking, no cell phones, and no leaving class! If you forgot any supplies or need a bathroom break, then you should have thought of that sooner!"

Yosuke couldn't help but feel a little nervous by that rule. It had never been an issue for him during exams thankfully, but he always had an embarrassingly small and nervous bladder. Chie usually poked fun at him for it whenever he got desperate, and it ended up becoming a bit of an insecurity of his. Now because of Teddie's stupid idea and Kashiwagi having the eyes of a hawk, he hadn't had a chance to pee yet today. It wasn't bad at all right now, but he was starting to get a bit nervous if two hours would be too much for him.

"No...don't think like that. It's gonna be fine. I'm gonna blast through this exam, wait the 2 hours, and sprint to the bathroom..." He thought, pumping himself up. He sighed, pushing his need to the back of his mind.

"Oh, and of course, you all already know this, but any boys who are lucky and pass the exam, can have the privilege of taking me out to dinner~" Kashiwagi said, finishing her pre-exam speech in a sultry voice. The students collectively had a cringe induced, awkward silence. Kashiwagi huffed, picking up the papers and passing them out to everyone.

"The exam begins now! You have 2 hours."

With that, everyone was off to the races. Yosuke picked up his pencil, and fired away at the questions. He was going faster then his usual pace. Each question was a breeze that only took him a few seconds of contemplating. At this rate, he may even finish before Yukiko. He glanced at Chie, noticing she was still stuck on the first 5 questions. She proded at her noggin for the answers, but to no avail. Yosuke had to choke back a laugh.

"Man, it feels good to be ahead. Serves ya right, Chie..."

Minutes passed, and Yosuke was still making great progress. Even the open ended questions didn't stand a chance. Is this what Yu meant when he said his pencil felt like it was on fire during exams? Being smart rocked! He wondered if he'd even be able to beat Naoto's score.

"Nah...nobody can beat her. Gotta be realistic..."

30 minutes in and Yosuke was a little more them halfway done. The questions had gotten slightly harder, but not by much. He still had a great pace going, and if all went well, he'd be finished by the first hour. The only trouble he was facing was his own bladder. With it being as small as it was, it filled up rather quick in those 30 minutes. He hadn't even had anything to drink! It still wasn't so bad, but it was definitely more noticeable to him by now. He shifted slightly in the old school chair, trying to make himself a little more comfortable.

"Man, I can't wait to take a leak. Why did Kashiwagi have to catch me right as I was about to go?"

Yosuke shook his head, trying to keep his mind off of it. No use complaining now. What's done is done. Just a little longer and he'd be empty. No big deal. It still doesn't come close to the desperation he felt the first time he was in the TV world. That was an awful day...

"Nope! Not gonna think about that! It won't happen ever again. Just focus..."

Yosuke continued his exam. Question after question was conquered by him and his pencil. At this point, he wanted to race Yukiko to the finish. Maybe she'd think a little more highly of him if he actually won and passed. Having the smart girl in class respect you would he the greatest thing ever! By now, he was absolutely blazing through the rest. Even Yu could hear how quickly he was tearing through it. His pencil marked each dot loudly and with confidence.

And just like that, he finished before the first hour was even up! He raised his hand, and Kashiwagi walked over. She expected him to ask something stupid that had a painfully obvious answer, but no.

"All done, miss. Here ya go." He whispered, passing her his paper. She took it, flipping through it quickly to make sure he wasn't fibbing. A smile crept onto her face, impressed with the young man's newfound knowledge.

"Not bad, Hanamura," she said, a hint of lust in her voice. "I like myself a man who's rather big brained~"

Yosuke had to hold back a bit of bile creeping in his throat. Maybe he could push his luck a bit?

"T-Thank you, ma'am. Um, if it's not too much trouble, could I use the restroom?"

Kashiwagi sighed, and shook her head. "Rules are rules, no matter how intelligent you are, Hanamura. You can hold it," she responded, walking back to her desk. He looked over at Chie, who was giving him the coldest expression imaginable. A subtle middle finger was pointed towards him. He stuck his tongue out and winked, the biggest grin imaginable spread on his face. Chie growled, turning back to her exam. She wasn't even halfway through yet.

He reveled in his victory for a moment, before realizing that maybe finishing early was a huge mistake. Now all he could think about was his slowly filling bladder.

"Great. Just great. Oh well...maybe I'll put my head down for a while..."

Yosuke lowered his head onto his desk, using his arms as pillows. Even though he slept in a little longer then intended today, no thanks to Teddie's antics, he still felt a bit tired. So off to sleep he went. Finishing early really does have it's benefits!

Even with an uncomfortable bladder, he managed to drift off. He hoped he could continue that lovely dream from earlier this morning. Instead, he was met with something that wasn't exactly what he expected.

He was standing in the Samegawa Flood Plain, next to the river bank. The water flowed loudly, crashing against the rocks in a steady, relentless rhythm that echoed through the otherwise quiet air. Each splash and gurgle seemed to drill deeper into his awareness, like the sound was targeting him specifically. A tight, uncomfortable pressure made itself known in his lower abdomen, and he shifted where he stood, legs unconsciously pressing together. He looked around, and there was no bathroom in sight. He was stuck, surrounded by the endless sound of running water teasing him. The sky was dark and cloudy, sending him into a panic. Just a few months ago, rain signified that something bad would soon happen around town. The sign of an impending murder...

Now, it was sending him into a panic for completely different reasons. The first drop fell, then soon came another. Then another...and another...

In no time at all, he was surrounded by heavy, torrential rain. He felt his body become soaked in almost instant. The intensely wet imagery made his bladder throb in pain, and he instinctively went to hold himself. He groaned in discomfort, trying to waddle away from it all. There was no getting away from it, however. The heavy rain made the river waters crash more intensely, the loud splashing increasing in volume. He tried covering his ears, but that meant his grip on his crotch would leave his bladder free to leak. He fell to his knees, nearly crying. He felt it was about to happen. He was going to wet his pa-

Ding...dong...

"Time is up, everyone! Whoever is not finished, please hand me your papers."

Yosuke awoke, startled. It felt like he had only just fallen asleep, and now suddenly the first exam session was over. He took a moment to collect himself after such a hectic, stressful dream. He stretched, feeling some of his joints crack.

He looked around, and as expected, Chie hadn't even finished In fact, she was one of the only few in class who hadn't. She groaned, handing her exam over hesitantly. Slowly, everyone collected themselves and dispersed. The students were given a 30 minute lunch break, and then they would head to their classes for yet another exam. Fortunately, this would be the last one of the day. After that, they'd all get to go home a little early. It was practically the only benefit of taking them.

"Man, that stunk!" Chie yelled, slamming her fist on her desk. It made Yukiko jump, and she turned to face her. "It'll be alright, Chie. Maybe you didn't do as bad as you think?"

"Yeah," Yu added. "You never know. Just wait for the results."

Yosuke couldn't help but chuckle a bit. She didn't even finish! They were just being supportive, but there was no saving her performance. Chie heard him snickering, and turned to face him. Her fists were clenched hard, and it looked like she was about ready to pop a blood vessel.

"What's so funny?! Wanna share with the rest, Yosuke?"

That just pushed him over the edge, sending him into hysterics. Man, it felt good to be smart! Nothing could ruin this victory.

Except for the raging storm in his bladder. It took his body a bit to wake up, but as soon as he laughed, he felt it. Instinctively, he bent over. He clenched his thigh with one hand, trying not to make it obvious he was desperate. Though the other three noticed his odd movements. Especially how suddenly he stopped laughing. Almost immediately, Chie clocked the issue.

"Haha! Don't laugh too hard. Might piss your paaants~" She taunted, a sick grin on her face. Yukiko giggled, and even Yu couldn't help but smirk. His victory felt very short lived. "W-Whatever! I'll be back in a bit..."

Yosuke stood up, walking out the door. He tried not to show any outward signs of desperation so as not to give Chie more ammo to use against him. Once he was out, he pressed his legs together tight.

"Whew...really filled up while I was asleep."

He surveyed the halls. Students and teachers alike were all hurrying to get whatever they needed done before the next exam. The break was only 30 minutes, so everyone had to make the most of it. Yosuke knew where he was headed first. He gazed towards the bathroom, as multiple students entered and left. Some desperate, some relieved. He noticed his pal, Kou Ichijo, running in with his hands fully grasping his crotch. It made some heads turn, and a few students laughed. Even that Ai Ebihara girl seemed fairly desperate. She speed walked into the ladies room, hands at her sides and legs pressed tight. She practically shuffled inside, a blush on her face.

"Least I'm not the only one with a small bladder around here. Time for some sweet relief!"

Yosuke made his way over in a hurry. He was just a few steps away when he heard a familiar voice shouting for him down the hall.

"Yosuke-senpaaaai!"

"R-Rise-san?"

The cute, young idol ran down the hall trying to reach him. Kanji was at her side, looking more pissed then he usually did. He had his arms crossed, and his eyebrows were practically twitching. Yosuke gulped, already not liking where this was headed. He just wanted to pee...

"Glad we found ya! We need you to settle something for us real quick."

"Senpai, ignore her. She doesn't know what she's talking about!" Kanji spoke up, clearly mad. Rise smacked his arm in frustration, and Yosuke could practically see his patience breaking in real time. He interjected, trying to squirm his way out of this situation.

"L-Look, I need to take a leak real quick. Can it wait until after?" He said, shifting on the spot a bit. He could practically hear the other student in there, sighing in relief. Why couldn't he be so lucky? Rise shook her head no, and grabbed his arm tight.

"Nuh uh! We need a professional opinion on this, and you're the best we got. We don't have a lot of time before break is over!"

She practically dragged him away from the restrooms. Yosuke tried firmly standing his ground, but Rise was strong. He looked at Kanji for help, but he seemed pretty defeated as well. She escorted them both to the roof, where a few other students were eating their lunches and enjoying the fresh air while they could. The cold, February air made a tingle go down Yosuke's spine. His bladder practically shivered, making him wince.

"Can we hurry this up please? I gotta pee!"

"Yeah. And I'm starvin! Make this quick Rise," Kanji ordered, standing at her side. Yosuke sat down, facing the two. He sighed, accepting his fate and hoping this would be quick.

"So, here's the deal," Rise started, clapping her hands together. "After the exam, me, Kanji, and Naoto were all discussing some of the answers we put. Naoto is a bit of a goody two-shoes, so of course, she chose not to disclose."

"S-She has a right not to tell us, by the way!" Kanji stammered. Yosuke and Rise looked at him in aggravation, and he turned away.

"Whatever. Anyway, I brought up a specific question and the answer I put for it, and I'm confident that I got it right! But Moronji here thinks I was wrong, and he put in a completely different answer."

Kanji tapped his foot in anger, gritting his teeth. "You ARE wrong! Why the hell would the answer have been 5?!"

Rise groaned in frustration and faced him head on. She jabbed his chest with her finger with sharp precision, her eyes blazing. "Because I know my equations! I did the work entirely correct, and you just don't wanna admit that you messed up!"

"Oh you are SUCH A-"

Yosuke stood up, inserting himself and putting some space between the two. He knew Rise and Kanji could get aggravated with each other easily, but he's never seen them this ticked before. Even some of the other students turned to see the commotion. It was a little scary, and even made his bladder quiver.

"J-Just cut it out you two! You're telling me THAT'S what this is all about?! A stupid math equation?!"

The two looked at him, confused. The situation was defused thankfully, but he wasn't expecting it to have started over something so dumb.

"Uh...yeah?"

"Well no shit, senpai. What did ya think this was about?"

Yosuke sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. He couldn't believe he let himself get wrapped up in something like this. There was more important stuff on his plate right now to focus on.

"Look, just tell us who you think is right! Obviously me cause let's be honest, Kanji isn't very good at math..."

"Excuse me?! At least I know how to multiply without using my fingers like a kid!" Kanji snapped again. He grabbed Yosuke's shoulder and looked him the eyes. "Tell her senpai! I'm great at that crap. Easiest passing grade of my life, man."

Yosuke tapped his foot impatiently and groaned. His bladder screamed ay him to just leave, and he agreed. "Let's just say you were both wrong and we call it there, alright?"

"No!"

"Hell no!"

For the next while, the three argued on the rooftop. Time ticked by quickly, with only 10 minutes left for the break. Yosuke crossed his legs, and leaned forward a bit. This took much longer then he would have liked, and his painfully small bladder was suffering for it. It filled quickly, and the anxiety over the situation wasn't helping.

"Look, just agree that I'm right, Kanji. If we keep going in circles like this, Yosuke senpai is gonna wet his pants..."

His cheeks flushed when he heard that. Was he really that obviously desperate? He certainly didn't want Rise of all people pointing that out. He did say he needed the restroom before coming with them, but SHE was the one who insisted on doing this now. He opened his mouth to protest, but Kanji spoke for him.

"Shut up! He can hold it. You're just trying to squeeze your way out of this."

Yosuke whined a bit. It's like they didn't even care how he truly felt. They were too lost in the debate and wanting to win. He could make a break for it now. Just run away, and don't look back. Though he feared their potential wrath if he chickened out like that. It was like he was glued to the spot now. Rise clicked her tongue in frustration. She shifted her weight slightly.

"M-Maybe so! I need a potty break myself, and you're forcing us all to stay up here."

"What?! I am NOT! You're the one who dragged us here in the first place. If you gotta take a wizz, then go! Just admit I'm right first before you do."

"N-Never!"

Yosuke spoke up finally. "U-Um I really should get goi-"

"STAY PUT, SENPAI!" They both shouted in unison. He winced, feeling his bladder cower. He was so sick of this arguing. Only five minutes left...

"Guys seriously! I gotta go!" He finally shouted. They both stared in frustration and disgust. He felt so ashamed. He really wished his bladder wasn't like this, but he couldn't help it. It's not like he was alone either! Rise had to go too, but her ego was just too strong. Why couldn't she just concede? He crossed his legs, shifting his weight much like she did.

"F-Fine! We'll call it here for now and continue this later, but only cause senpai is about to burst."

"So are you, man..." Kanji huffed, pointing out her own desperate need for relief. She was practically bouncing on the spot, her pigtails bobbing wildly with every frantic shift. In any other circumstance, Yosuke would have thought her desperation would be kinda cute. It's not so fun when you have to go too though.

Not even bothering to say goodbye, Yosuke made a break for the exit. He carefully walked down the stairs, making sure not to fall. He had a habit of being clumsy when he was in a hurry. He eventually made it back to the second floor, and saw the bathroom at the far end of the hall. Students were already heading back into class, but he could still make it! He could-

Ding...dong...

"Huh? N-No...I just...I gotta..."

Kashiwagi stepped out of the class once more. "Students, back to class! Exams will resume shortly!" She scanned the hallway, her eyes honing in on Yosuke. "You too, Hanamura. Come along now."

He wanted to protest so badly. It was the only thing he could do. "Miss, please. I just need to-"

"Should have went during break. Now, come inside please."

He sighed. He slowly walked over to, gazing at the restroom once more. This was bad. Really bad...

"Great job, Moronji! Now I have to hold it for two more hours," he heard Rise say from afar. The door slammed shut, and he was locked in. He sat at his desk, defeated. Chie immediately put it together, and she struggled to hide her amusement. The tables had turned.

"Want some water, Yosuke? Gonna be a long exam. Gotta stay, hydrated!" She said, smirking. She shook her water bottle, and the contents of it loudly splashed. It made him quiver slightly, and he crossed his legs.

"Screw you."

"What's wrong? Just trying to help! You don't have to pee, do you~?"

Yu and Yukiko watched the two bicker. They both felt bad for him, but Yukiko couldn't help but be a little amused. Yu leaned in and asked quietly, "Did you seriously not use the bathroom? What happened?"

Yosuke whispered back, "Dude, Kanji and Rise held me up! They wouldn't let me go cause they wanted me to settle some dumb argument. Shit, I really gotta piss..."

He leaned forward, gritting his teeth. He nearly took a quick grab of his crotch, but he didn't want to give Chie that satisfaction. Yu could only give a sympathetic look. He wanted to help, but couldn't.

"Goodluck, Yosuke," was all he could say. Chie stuck her tongue out and taunted. "Don't piss your paaants~"

Once everyone finally sat down, Kashiwagi got their attention. She cleared her throat, and held up the exam papers.

"It's now time for the second part of today's exams! As I'm sure you're all aware, once the two hour period is up, you may all go home early. It bears repeating, but you may not leave during the exam for any reason. Once I hand you your papers, you may begin. Good luck~"

Kashiwagi walked up and down the aisles of the class. Yosuke took a deep breath, trying to calm himself. He felt so full, and he cursed at himself for having such a tiny bladder. If only Chie had to go and not him. She deserved it way more, didn't she? He was snapped out of his silent rage when he was handed his paper. Kashiwagi winked at him, and he felt sick.

"At the very least, this exam is gonna be a good distraction," he thought to himself. He flipped it open and read the first question.

Just as easy as before. He scribbled in the first answer. On to question two. He needed to think on it some more a bit. He studied it last night, but what was the answer again? He probed his brain, searching for any kind of clue.

The only thing he could really think about now was all the hot, yellow piss sloshing inside of him. He shifted in his seat a little. He closed his eyes, trying to focus harder. It took a good few seconds, but he finally remembered. He scribbled in the answer.

With each question that he answered, his mind slowly became more foggy. It was as if all the studying he did over the last few days meant nothing. By question ten, he was completely blanking. His bladder pulsed, and he begged for it to stop. He couldn't think straight. All he wanted was to just relieve himself, and he was stuck here in his chair. He started to sweat a bit from the pressure. He looked at the clock, and only five minutes had passed. He started to doubt if he could make it the two hours.

He gripped his pencil tight and filled in a random answer. He'd likely get it wrong, but one wrong answer wouldn't ruin him. He still had a lot to go. He could salvage this. He had to prove himself now more then ever. He wanted that smug look on Chie's face wiped off completely. If he couldn't pass this, then it was back to the status quo, and that was the last thing he wanted.

If he had an accident, it'd be even worse then that. He wouldn't even be able to look his friends in the eyes anymore. Hell, he'd probably never come to school again. He couldn't let that happen, and he wouldn't! He took another deep breath, and continued. He pushed that feeling in his bladder to the back of his mind as best he could.

As he continued through the exam, he fumbled here and there. It was nowhere near as smooth as the last one. He'd probably do a little worse here, but he still had three more days left of this. He could recall just a little bit more, but how long would that last? Two hours is a while, especially if you're bursting to pee.

He had reached question twenty. He crossed his legs tight, biting his lip. The much slower pace this time around made him feel self conscious. He wiped the sweat off his forehead, concentrating hard on the question instead of the pain in his abdomen.

"Okay...what was it again? The real meaning of it means...something like...uh..."

He clenched his legs tighter.

"Screw it. When in doubt, always choose C."

Much of his time during this exam was similar. A full 30 minutes had passed, and he needed a break. He was nowhere near the halfway mark. He took a deep breath through his nose, then exhaled. He needed to stay calm. Panicking only made his bladder worse.

He started tapping his foot, as quietly as he could so as not to disturb the others. Hopefully Kashiwagi didn't notice...

"Gotta piss so friggin bad. Shit...shitshitshit..."

A particularly bad wave of desperation surged through him, making his bladder and body quiver. He tried grabbing himself sneakily. It felt so good to hold it physically. What a relief...

But he couldn't have his hand on his crotch for the whole test. Time was wasting anyway. He turned his attention back to the exam.

A full hour had passed. Yosuke felt his eyes watering, from how full he felt. How was he expected to last another full hour? And he wasn't even halfway through the exam yet! It felt like Chie was going even faster then he was. His confidence began to waver.

His hand shook badly. Each time he filled in an answer, his handwriting got more sloppy. He felt like he was going to snap his pencil in two from how hard he was gripping it. The lead tip seemed ready to crumble from the extra unintended force he was applying. His hands were slick with sweat...

Which is what led to his first big mistake.

His grip loosened on the pencil, and he dropped it. His butter fingers were unable to catch it, and it fell to the floor. Some of his classmates looked up upon hearing the impact. Chie was one of them, and she saw how desperate he was. She watched closely, his every move was being monitored. She had a look on her face that screamed, "Go on. Pick it up."

Thankfully, it didn't roll away. Yosuke bent down, reaching for his pencil. His bladder felt the weight shift, and he felt it too.

One drop. One singular drop of urine slipped out, hanging off his tip. It threatened to wet his boxers. His eyes widened in horror. He quickly snatched his pencil, and got back into his normal position.

He wasn't sure if his desperation was making every sensation in his body worse, or if he was just crazy. It was almost as if he could feel the single drop rolling down his shaft.

Once again, Chie knew exactly what happened just from how he was acting. She started snickering, unable to help herself. Heads turned, and Yosuke panicked.

"Is something funny, Satonaka?" Kashiwagi interrupted, an eyebrow raised in annoyance. Once Chie's giggle fit stopped, she cleared her throat. She tried to compose herself, but that smug smile stayed.

"N-Nothing. Apologies, miss."

Before going back to her exam, she gave Yosuke one last teasing look. He couldn't believe she was enjoying this.

"Seriously. What did I do to deserve this?!"

He felt cursed. For once, he did the right thing by studying almost the entire week before. Now he was being punished with a full bladder that refused to let him focus on his exams?! Life was cruel.

He lost his place for a moment, and scanned the paper in a panic. He left off at question 48. So much more to go...

Thirty minutes passed. He was in agony. How could he get so full so fast? He didn't even drink much today at all! Was his bladder just that weak and small? It pulsed and pulsed. The walls inside of it expanded as best it could to make room for more. He was stretching himself wide, and he could feel it. His bladder had never taken this much abuse before.

He rocked back and forth in his chair. It squeaked loudly as he did. The old wood was already quite loud when sitting fairly still, so it was causing an even bigger disturbance now. Kashiwagi gazed daggers at the young man, and he stopped. The frightening look nearly made another drop slip past.

The exam period was almost over, and he hadn't made much progress at all. He was still getting a few questions right, but at this point, he was just filling in random answers to speed through the rest. He didn't want to leave anything blank.

Drip...drip...

Yosuke heard something. It sounded like...liquid? He wasn't having an accident was he?

His head turned, and he saw it. Dark clouds had rolled in, and rain began to fall. It hardly rained in February, so why did it have to be now of all times?!

"No...please no. I can't...I can't take this..."

He stopped trying to be subtle entirely, and grabbed his crotch hard. The sound of falling rain had made it so much worse. Perhaps his dream from before was warning him of this. He couldn't believe that Rise and Kanji had stopped him from going. For a moment, he wondered if Rise was faring any better then he was at the moment. Didn't she have to pee too? He immediately put that thought away, not wanting to focus on someone else's full bladder in comparison to his.

He had to check himself. He needed to see how bad it was getting with his own eyes. Biting his lip, he lifted his shirt up slightly...

"Holy shit..."

His abdomen had expanded. A giant bulge had formed where his bladder was, and his skin felt sensitive to the touch. He winced, pulling his shirt back down.

"Don't think about it. Don't...think about it! Just focus. Finish already..."

With his left hand still firmly holding himself, he continued the exam. The storm raged on outside, rain splashing against the window. It was much like the storm in his own bladder. Raging and torrential...

Ten minutes left. The clock ticked loudly. His efforts in trying to focus were futile. He no longer had a clue of what to mark down for his answers. The responses he gave to the open-ended questions were barely one or two words, scrawled messily across the page.

The last few minutes went slowly to a crawl. He begged for it to be over, even if he wasn't finished his exam. He wanted to be free of this burden so badly. Thoughts flooded his mind. Wet, messy thoughts. He pictured the relief of finally being able to let loose, spraying intensely into a toilet or urinal. The almost orgasmic feeling of it all. The satisfaction of NOT having an accident.

One minute left. Yosuke panicked, and jolted. The chair squeaked loudly, drawing the attention of a few students, notably, ones who had finished before him. He struggled to even care if they saw him holding his crotch. He leaned forward, hastily filling in the rest of the answers at light speed. He bit his lip hard, sweat pouring down his face. He cursed under his breath. Once the last answer was filled in, he slammed his pencil down. The desk shook, as he gripped it hard with his now free hand. He groaned, feeling his bladder weaken more.

Ding...dong...

The bell rung, signaling the end of the second exam period, and the end of the shortened school day. Kashiwagi stood up, coming to collect the papers.

Yosuke practically shoved his exam into her arms. He stood up hastily, grabbing his bag and his stuff with a shaky hand. With everything collected at lightspeed, he dashed put of the room, still with one hand holding his privates through his pants. He didn't even bother saying bye to his friends, but he certainly heard Chie cackling like a hyena. He ignored it as best as he could, and made a break for the boy's restroom.

When he made it, his heart sunk.

"C-Closed for heavy cleaning? No...nononono...!"

The PA system chimed to life. Yosuke panicked hard. This wasn't going to be good news, was it?

"Students and teachers, please be advised that ALL the restrooms across campus have been closed. One of you little whippersnappers thought it was a good idea to clog the toilets with paper towels, and unfortunately, it started a massive flood. Whoever the perpetrator is was clearly attempting to get out of their exams early..."

Yosuke groaned loudly. He pounded his fist against the wall over and over. He hopped from foot to foot, thinking of what he could possibly do now.

"Everyone, please vacate the building immediately and return home. Exams will start again tomorrow at the regular schedule. Good day."

More students poured out of their classrooms, some clearly irritated by the recent announcement. Rise emerged looking distressed, sprinting down the hall with her hands pressed between her thighs. She nearly tumbled down the stairs and threw open the entrance doors. Under different circumstances, Yosuke might have found the sight attractive, if he weren’t so desperate himself. Glancing down, he noticed a trail of golden droplets marking her path. She was probably seconds away from a complete accident.

Kanji and Naoto exited the same class as well, their eyes honing in on their senpai.

"Yo, senpai! Sorry about earlier. Uh...you good man?" Kanji asked, noticing his panicked expression and movements. Naoto immediately deducted what was happening, but chose not to answer for him.

"What do you think, genius?! I'm about to piss my pants over here!" He shouted. They felt sorry for him, but what could they do?

"I...see," Naoto responded. "Rise-san was in the same predicament a moment ago. She left in a hurry. Have you seen her?"

Yosuke pointed at the entrance doors downstairs. Naoto, being the ever reliable detective that she was, immediately saw the trail she had left behind. She winced a bit.

"Well then, I hope that you can find some relief soon, senpai. Good day," she excused herself. Yosuke and Kanji noticed her awkward walk as she made her way downstairs. Not as desperate, but still in a hurry.

"Damn, her too? Sorry, senpai. I should follow her and make sure she gets home safe. Good luck, man," Kanji said, sprinting after her. Yosuke was left all alone now.

"This sucks...this sucks SO hard."

Yosuke looked back, Chie, Yu, and Yukiko were finally leaving as well. He couldn't bear to face them now. He quickly sprinted down the stairs and out of the building.

The rain had let up just a little bit, but not by much. The slight pitter patter of water dripping onto the pavement was enough to drive him crazy. He quickly grabbed his bike, and took a deep breath.

"Okay...slow and steady. No sudden movements..."

He carefully parked his rear on the seat of the bike. The shift in position made him wince. He put his feet on the pedals, and made for Junes.

Despite having exams, he unfortunately still had to work. Thankfully, Junes wasn't far. It'd only be a few minutes before he was there. Then he'd finally be able to go. He could hardly wait.

All the pedaling made him sweat. His movements were more sloppy then usual. The slick roads, combined with a desperate need for a toilet just wasn't a good combination. It was only a minute of riding, but he was already losing it. He had to stop and slow down so he wouldn't slip. He took a moment to squeeze his bulge tight. He cursed under his breath...

"Shit...holditholditholdit! Almost there!"

He carefully continued. It was a miracle he hadn't leaked again since that incident during the exam. He almost had to wonder if his bladder was getting stronger because of this. He wouldn't have minded it, if only it didn't come with so much pain.

Along the way, he considered stopping and just going behind a tree or in an alley but that'd be too risky. He didn't want to think of the trouble he'd be in if he were caught. It's a small town, so word travels fast too. No, he just had to wait until he got to a toilet. Soon enough...

Yosuke was lost in his own world. He could barely focus on steering, as thoughts of his bladder flooded his brain. He hadn't noticed the little pothole in his path, and like a fool, he drove right over it.

It wasn't enough to send him slipping and falling off the bike. However, it startled him, and he had to fight to regain control of the bike. He skid off to the side of the road, and stopped completely. His heart pounded hard, and his breathing was fast and erratic. It took him a moment to notice that his underwear felt just a bit wet.

It was only a tiny leak. A quarter second, gentle piddle that wet his tip and made a pebble sized mark on his undies. His face went beet red. So much for having a stronger bladder. He was still in control, but he wasn't sure how long this could last. With his bike back under control, he continued on his way. Even more carefully then before.

After about five minutes of excruciating pedaling, Yosuke had finally made it to Junes. He practically threw his bike into the bike rack and ran inside. He could hardly even walk properly anymore. There was a noticeable limp in his step as he went.

As the automatic doors opened, Yosuke was met with the co-manager. His face perked up upon his arrival. Typically, Yosuke's father would be running the store, but he had a rare day off. Yosuke couldn't help but feel a little jealous.

"Oh thank goodness you're here, Yosuke-kun! We need all the help we can get. We've got quite the rush going!"

Yosuke looked around, noticing just how full the store was. It was packed with customers, all going up and down the aisles in a hurry.

"W-What's the occasion?"

The co-manager raised an eyebrow. Yosuke got a little nervous. Was he forgetting something?

"We have a storewide sale going on today! Almost all our products are 25% off! Didn't you see the announcement we made yesterday?"

Yosuke gulped. He didn't remember seeing or hearing anything like that. No doubt it was more full in here because of the rain too. Some customers were likely seeking shelter.

"N-No sir...I was busy-"

"Busy with what? Goofing off? Kids these days just don't have any respect for their responsibilities..."

"N-No! I had to study fo-"

"Oh well...you're here now so get straight to work!" His manager shouted with fake enthusiasm. He handed him his apron with his name tag on it. Yosuke shifted from foot to foot, his legs quivered.

"Y-Yeah, okay. Just let me use the-"

"No time! I need you to do this for me!"

The manager handed him a large list of things to do around the store. Restocking, cleaning, handing out free samples, helping out at the food court...

The list went on and on, and Yosuke felt sick. He just had to pee first. It'd take less then a couple minutes!

"No breaks until it's done! Chop chop!"

Yosuke grit his teeth. Why was this happening to him? Everytime he was so close to relief, something got in his way. He always had horrible luck, but this was on another level. It felt like a humiliation ritual at this point. There was no hiding his desperation. All the customers and his coworkers would know exactly what's wrong with him. The way he walked, his inability to focus, his twisted and squeezed legs...

He hurriedly took his apron, and left. He limped his way over to the broom closet in the back and shut the door. He was alone.

He threw the apron to the side and unbuttoned his pants. Immediately, some pressure felt lifted off his bladder. He braced himself against the door, letting his body sink a bit. His legs shook badly, barely able to keep him up anymore. He whined and moaned, feeling his bladder and cock twitch. He lifted his shirt up...

"Holy...shit..."

The skin near his abdomen bulged outward. It was red, and tender to the touch. His bladder had expanded to a ridiculous degree, and he couldn't believe what he was seeing. He felt tears forming in his eyes...

"I just...wanna pee, dammit!" He shouted, slamming his fist on the door behind him. He let in a sharp breath and exhaled. He bounced slightly, practically feeling the hot, yellow piss sloshing inside of him as he did. It felt like he could audibly hear it splashing within him, but he knew that was just him hallucinating at this point. That...wouldn't be possible, right?

"Mmph...just...gotta...aaah~"

He peeled his underwear down, letting his dick free. A small drop of piss hung out of his urethra, eventually breaking off and dripping to the floor. It was like watching a leaky faucet. With both hands, he grabbed himself tightly. It felt so good, like a barrier being enforced. It was relieving just being able to let his bladder breath a bit with his pants unbuttoned and his hands gripped onto his privates. He knew it wouldn't last forever though. He had to get to work at some point, and he couldn't just go out there like this.

"I can't take this! I gotta just...find something!"

He scanned the small broom closet. The obvious choice was the mop bucket in front of him. It was perfect, technically. He'd relieve himself into it, and no one would have to know. It was already filled with sterile water so, a little pee wouldn't ruin the mix, right? He nearly went for it, aiming dick down into it.

"No...no, what am I doing?!"

He stopped. He couldn't let himself do someone so disgusting. He'd need to clean the store with that, and the thought of mopping the floors with something that had his pee in it...

He groaned. There was nothing else to do. He heard a knock on the door.

"Hanamura, you in there?! Get your ass out and help us already! We have some spills that need cleaning," someone shouted from the other side. Yosuke recognized the voice as one of his coworkers.

"J-Just a moment!"

Regretfully, he pulled his underwear back up. He carefully got his pants buttoned again, apologizing to himself.

"Sorry about this...ngggh!"

He immediately felt the pressure of his tight pants against his bladder. He let out an audible yelp of pain, and he squeezed his legs tight. A dribble came out from the pressure, wetting his underwear further.

"Okay, I can do this..."

He put his apron on, and grabbed the mop bucket. He opened the door, dragging it out slowly. The sloshing liquid inside made him so frustrated.

"Shit, I feel like I'm as full as this bucket. I could probably piss more then what's in this damn thing..."

He navigated the store carefully, finding each spill and cleaning it thoroughly. Every time he dunked the mop into the bucket, the splash of water made him groan. The slow dripping of excess liquid back into the bucket was pure torture. He was already regretting not going when he had the chance. The whole time he had his legs crossed and his knees bent. Back and forth he swept, spreading the floor with clean, soapy water.

"Mmmph...nngh...shit..." He mumbled to himself. He couldn't help it. The pain was unbearable, so how could he not complain? He felt his dick twitching, desperate for another release.

"No...stay in dammit! Aaaah.!"

He pressed his legs tight together, saddling the mop between his legs. He shook violently, feeling a small leak into his underwear. He grunted, trying to keep himself shut. His cock quivered, needy for more relief. The dam remained shut, despite the small leak.

"Whew...too close. Ow..."

He carefully got back to mopping, taking in deep breaths. After about thirty minutes, all the spills had been thoroughly wiped clean. He was thankful the entire store didn't need wiping. A coworker passed by, and he reached out to them.

"H-Hey! Think you could take this back to the broom closet for me? I just gotta take a break real quick. It's a bit of an emergency," he said, desperately. His need was made clear to his coworker with the way he bounced up and down and had his legs crossed.

"Sorry man. I'm a little busy myself over here. Believe me, I think all of us could use a break," he responded. There was a slight urgent bounce in his step too as he walked off. Is anyone here getting bathroom breaks?!

Yosuke nearly screamed. He was so sick of this, but there was nothing he could do. He just had to grin and bare it as he steadily filled more and more. He dragged the mop bucket all the way back to the closet where he found it, trying to ignore all the splashing and sloshing like before. He quickly shut the door and left, not wanting to look at it for a moment longer.

Yosuke had a myriad of other responsibilities to handle, but now was his chance to sneak off. He looked around, seeing the busy store operating just fine without him. Just three minutes in the bathroom was all he needed. It was just over there too. It was as if his legs started moving automatically, speed walking to where his sweet relief would be.

"Oh my God...finally. I'm finally gonna-"

"Y-Yosuke?! Oh thank goodness you're here, could you help in handing out free samples with me? I can hardly handle this huge line."

No...no no no no! Once again, just inches from relief and he's being torn away from it. He could just ignore her. He could run in now and come right back, but that wouldn't be very responsible, would it? He looked at the line, noticing it stretched all the way around the corner. It'd take a while...

"U-Um...think I could just-"

"P-Please! I'm dying over here!"

Yosuke groaned. She's lucky she's so cute. If it were any of his other coworkers, he'd likely have no trouble saying no. He shuffled his way over to the stall, standing alongside her. He leaned in and whispered to her...

"Let's try and hurry, okay? I sorta need a break, badly too," he said. His eyes darted to the bathroom and she understood completely. She bent her knees a bit, pressing her legs tightly together.

"I know how you feel. I haven't had a break all day. When we're done with this line, we'll get our chance."

With that, the duo got to work. They tried handing out samples of Junes’ finest deli meats as quickly and efficiently as possible. It was rough to do on a full bladder, especially since they had to explain every detail of where the meat came from and how it was handled. Orders from the manager, so it had to be done.

Yosuke tried as hard as possible not to hold his crotch. No one wants to take food samples from somebody who's groping their own privates constantly.

"If only they all knew what I was going through right now, then maybe they'd have a little more sympathy. Actually...nah. Customers only care about themselves..." He thought quietly to himself. In order to keep it in, he mimic his coworker's stance. Legs pressed tight together, and trying not to move an inch.

"H-Here you go, sir. H-H-Have a nice...mmph...d-day!" He said, trying to fake the happiest smile and tone that he could. No one was buying it. He didn't even know why he was trying anymore. At the very least, the line was going quickly with two people managing it. It still wasn't quick enough for him though. He tried working faster and faster, practically shoving the samples into customers hands. He didn't care about the looks he was getting. All he wanted was to just empty his bladder of all that hot, bubbly piss.

"Last one, here you are! Have a pleasant day!" His coworker cheered, finally out of samples. Another job completed, and still no relief to show for it. As soon as the two of them were out of sight from the customers view, they immediately went broke into desperate positions. Yosuke grabbed himself tight and leaned forward, his eyes shut tight. He let out a sharp hiss, feeling like he was at the end of his rope. His coworker wasn't nearly as bad, but she was definitely jiggling.

"Jeez, you look terrible, Yosuke. You okay?" She asked with genuine concern. His cheeks flushed a bit, embarrassed that an older girl was seeing him so vulnerable. He hated how visibly shaken he was, but what else could he do? He decided to just be honest with her.

"N-No, not at all. I think I'm about to piss my pants over here..."

He couldn't even bother looking her in the eyes. Though he felt her hand holding his arm, and knew she pitied him.

"I-I'm sorry! I totally dragged you away from the bathroom earlier. C'mon, it's just over there. I'll help you over," she said, slowly guiding him. At the very least, Yosuke was thankful that some of his coworkers were genuinely sweet people. It was nice knowing they all had each other’s backs like this. He only hoped she didn't think less of him for this.

The two of them walked carefully over to the restrooms, her hand still holding his arm. They made it just outside the entrance, finally at the precipice of relief. She slowly released him, making sure he was steady.

"Whew, made it! Thanks for the help again, Yosuke!" She said, hurrying into the ladies room. "N-No problem. Thanks for uh...helping me over. Ow..."

He rubbed his abdomen. He was so full, and in so much pain. Here he was now though, and nothing was gonna stop him.

...Right?

He walked right into the entrance, but a familiar voice stopped him.

"Yosuke?"

"Y-Yu? What are you..."

Yosuke would be happy to see his best friend, if it wasn't such horrible timing. The grey haired boy ran over to him, and Yosuke started to panic. He didn't want to be dragged into a conversation now. Before Yu could even speak, Yosuke put his hand up and stopped him.

"Dude, I'd love to chat, but I'm SERIOUSLY about to flood my pants right now! C-Can you wait just one moment?"

Yu nodded, but was still a little baffled. It wasn't at all uncommon for Yosuke to be desperate for a piss. The fact that he couldn't wait any longer though was a definite sign of trouble. Yu immediately noticed how much of a mess he looked now that he was up close. His hair was messy, his legs were crossed tightly, he was bouncing slightly, and...did his stomach look bigger?

"You really need to go that badly?! I thought you might have-"

"No, I didn't! Literally everything is stopping me from going today, including you right now! So please, just..."

Yosuke was starting to lose it, as his anger and frustration was reaching its peak. He instantly felt bad when he saw the hurt look on Yu's face, but he could apologize later. Right now, relief was just a moment away.

Yosuke turned and ran fully into the men's room. He threw off his apron, tossing it to the floor. He had his hands fully gripping his cock now, trying to reinforce the dam as much as he could. He saw the sight of the urinals, and his heart fluttered. He unzipped, ready to pull out and let loose. As he approached closer...

"N-No...you gotta be shitting me..."

Every urinal and every stall was out of order. Signs were placed on each, warning anyone who entered not to use them. Immediately, he felt like he was doomed. This wasn't good at all. He was the closest he had ever been to properly relieving himself today, and he was still denied from going.

The sight of the urinals taunted him. It nearly made him sick, but it also caused another reaction within him. This time it wasn't just a simple, harmless drop. No. It was a full on leak. It was a stream that lasted half a second, and he could feel it against his hands. It was strong enough to soak through his undies, and even his pants. The warm liquid wet his hands, and he pulled them away. He pressed his legs tight together, hoping to prevent anymore from leaking out. His legs shook, weak from the pressure. He fell to his knees.

"No...this isn't happening. Please...no..."

He heard footsteps approaching. He didn't need to look in order to know that it was Yu. Yosuke closed his eyes, not wanting to see the look of disgust on his best friend's face. He was practically slowly wetting himself, and he just wanted to ignore everything going on around him.

"Y-Yosuke? Are you okay? I thought I heard...uh..."

Yu approacheded closer, and noticed the signs everywhere. Everything was out of order, and he knew immediately that Yosuke was in a horrible position. If that wasn't enough evidence, then the small wet spot on his pants was.

"It's happening..."

"W-What? Are you serious?"

Yosuke took a shuddering, deep breath and nodded. "N-Not fully, but it's only just starting..."

Yosuke went back to gripping his crotch, even though the effort was futile. Yu kneeled next to him, and Yosuke saw that he had that determined look on his face like always.

"No, you won't. You can do this. Isn't there another bathroom on the second floor?"

Yosuke gulped, trying not to get his hopes up. "I'll...I'll never m-make it...it's too far..."

There was a bit of silence. Yosuke felt a few more drips leaking out steadily. He felt like a leaky faucet at this point, and it was only getting worse. He nearly let go, ready to fully accept his fate. Then he felt a hand gripping his arm tightly. It lifted him off the ground, and to his feet again.

"Y-Yu...?"

"C'mon. I'll help you," he said, smiling. Yosuke's cheeks flushed. They were partners for a reason. A slight bit of hope returned to him, but they'd have to be lighting fast.

"T-Thanks, man. Even after I just yelled at you a minute ago, you're still-"

"Don't worry about it. You can pay me back with a meal from here or something later. Let's get a move on."

The two boy's quickly rushed out of the bathroom. The jostling shook more leaks out of Yosuke's bladder. He winced, feeling it wet his clothes even more. Even more embarrassing was the fact that his pants were still unbuttoned. At the very least, it took pressure off his bladder.

Now it was a race against the clock. Customers saw the strange sight, and Yosuke felt his cheeks flush. Yu only gripped his arm tighter and smiled. He never felt more reassured then he did now. It took a moment for Yu to remember where the elevators were, as the rush wasn't making him think as clearly as usual. Thankfully, Yosuke pointed to the other side of the store, indicating their location. With that, they were off.

Still holding Yosuke tight, Yu ran as fast as he could. They weaved between customers, all of them bewildered at the sight. The drips were starting to become heavier and more frequent. Yosuke whined, and Yu picked up the pace. They reached the elevators, and Yu pressed the button over and over as fast as he could. Yosuke hopped from foot to foot. He tried to ignore the trail of pee drops he left in his wake.

Finally, the elevator dinged and opened up. As soon as they were in, Yu pressed the button for the second floor. The doors closed and they were alone for a brief few seconds. Yosuke took the time to shove his hands fully down into his underwear, holding his dick tight. Yu looked away, giving him some semblance of privacy. His heart started beating quickly, and he struggled to understand why.

"N-No...nononono!!!"

Yu had no choice but to look over now. Yosuke was frozen stiff, and his eyes were wide. It was like the calm before the storm...

Yu nearly asked what was wrong, but was immediately silenced when he saw Yosuke pull himself out of his pants. He aimed at the carpeted floor of the elevator, breathing heavily and grunting.

SSSSSHHSSSSSSSTTTSSST!

A massive, powerful stream erupted from his penis. It soaked the floor immediately, the insane pressure of it causing it to splash everywhere. Yu stepped back, feeling some of it getting on to him. He watched in shocked silence, as Yosuke pissed all over the floor.

"HAAAAAH~! D-Don't look~! I-I'll clean this up later~! Just taking some of the...ngh...pressure off!"

It wasn't much time to empty himself at all, as the elevator dinged again and the doors slowly opened. He clenched shut as best he could, and it was just barely enough to stop it fully. A few extra spurts sprayed out, and he was finally under control again.

The two young men looked out of the elevator, immediately noticing the shocked customers staring at the horrific sight.

"E-Excuse us! It's an emergency! D-Don't recommended using that elevator," Yu warned as he dashed off gripping Yosuke's arm once again. Yosuke stuttered, unable to warn Yu that he was still exposed. He covered himself with one hand, trying his best to keep the rest in.

Unfortunately, that stunt in the elevator may not have been his best decision. He figured relieving some pressure would make holding it in even easier. However, having that taste of relief had the opposite effect. Yosuke was now leaking uncontrollably at a pretty heavy rate. His hand became soaked with urine, and he was leaving an even more noticeable trail as they both ran through the second floor.

SSSSST! SSSS....FFSSSHSSSS!

"S-Shit! Yu, I'm peeing! I can't...can't stop it...!"

Yu ran even faster, practically dragging Yosuke at the point. Yosuke's grip on his privates loosened, to the point where he was fully exposing himself. Piss sprayed freely, and he moaned in ecstacy as he felt himself empty. He was thankful there weren't nearly as much people on the second floor. It was quite possibly, the most ridiculous sight anyone could ever see.

"F-Feels...so good...aaaah~"

He'd have to mop a little more though later. These floors were getting soaked, and it was fully on him. He knew he'd have to take responsibility, and he was fully prepared to do so.

Finally, Yu came to a complete stop. They had finally made it to the restroom. Yu let go, making sure Yosuke was steady. He tried to avert his gaze away from his leaky privates.

"We're here! Go in, and I'll make sure no one else enters."

Yosuke nodded. He practically waddled into the entrance of the men's room.

It was silent. Nobody was inside, and he was alone. That was the only thing his bladder needed to know, and it immediately released in full force. Much like in the elevator, he started power pissing everywhere. The strong stream collided with the tile floor, echoing loudly. Yosuke tried stopping it, but he could only weaken the stream a tad. The dam had fully burst, and he was powerless to control it.

SSSSHSSSS...SSSSSTTSS...PPPSSSSSSTT....

"S-Stop...so...close...!

He shuffled through the bathroom, his dick spraying widely everywhere. The floor became soaked with hot, yellow urine. His pants started to drag from being unbuttoned, falling down entirely. It splashed into the mess on the floor, soaking it thoroughly.

"N-No! Shit!"

He tried kicking his pants off, but his shoes made it difficult. He resorted to just dragging them across the ground as he walked, wetting them even further as they waded through the piss on the floor. More and more squirted out of him, arching high into the air, then crashing loudly down onto the tile.

Eventually, he finally made it to the closest urinal. Not evening bothering to aim with his hands, and arched his lower body and let loose.

SSSSSS....FFSSSSHHHSSSSSSSSSS!

"AAAAAAaaaaaah~!"

His struggle had finally come to an end. He hadn't peed since last night, and it all culminated into this satisfying explosion of relief and ecstacy. His stream was still so powerful, it splashed off the porcelain walls of the urinal and sprayed a bit on to him. His cock shook violently, like an unmanned firehouse going at full power.

Yosuke didn't even care about that though. His head was completely turned up towards the ceiling. His mouth hung open, and his eyes fluttered shut. A loud, continous moan left his body. Yu could hear it even from outside.

His stream was a golden yellow, a mix of of what he had building up in his sleep over night and what formed throughout the day. The cold bathroom air made it steam, rising slowly from it's point of impact. Speaking of, he was going so fast and so powerfully that the drain struggled to keep up. The bottom of the urinal filled quickly with the frothy liquid, and nearly threatened to spill over. It just barely managed to contain his massive ocean. A small victory.

"Oooooohh...God YES~!!!"

SSSSSSPLSSSSSS....SSSSTTSSSS....

Yosuke gazed down, observing his own bladder gradually shrink. It had gotten so bad, it looked like his tummy bloated a bit. The area surrounding it was still so red and sensitive like earlier. He poked it, shivering and releasing a powerful spurt.

He slowly collected himself the more empty he got. He stepped back just slightly away from the splash zone, and pulled back his foreskin for a cleaner stream. He held his penis and actually started actively aiming. He hummed in pleasure, watching himself empty further and further.

The urinal made a struggled glugging sound, as it tried to drain as much as it possibly could. Yosuke knew the urinals here were a little crappy, but he didn't know it was this bad. Or maybe...he just had an abnormal ability to fill it unlike anyone else.

A full minute had passed, and Yosuke felt about half empty. As he waited for the rest drain out of him, he observed the damage. The floor of room was soaked. Massive puddles of his own urine spread everywhere, wetting his shoes and his pants. He groaned, this time out of frustration and embarrassment rather then relief.

"Shit...I'm in so much trouble. I'm gonna be fired, aren't I? Ugh..."

SssshssssSssSSSSsssss...

Now his pleasure had turned into despair. He practically peed himself at his grown age, and was about to be fired for it. His father would be so disappointed, knowing his own son was a pants wetting failure. Yosuke nearly cried at the thought. He was so sick of his own bladder getting him into trouble all the time. This was certainly the last straw.

Nearly another full minute passed, and he finally felt close to empty. The rest of it came out in strong, sudden spurts.

SSSST....Ffsssstt...ssshssss...ssssshss...

It was finally, all over. Being fully empty never felt so amazing. He took a moment to savor it, before snapping back to reality. He shook the last few drops off his tip, and it landed in the pool below. He flushed the urinal, watching his yellow lake swirl down the drain. He tucked himself back into his wet underwear, shuddering at the awful feeling. So cold...

Now that he wasn't in a panic, he managed to get his pants fully off. He held it up, and it dripped with all the urine that had soaked it. He groaned in disgust, trying to figure out what the hell he was gonna do. He couldn't go back out there wearing this. It was ruined!

He shamefully called for Yu, his only hope.

"H-Hey...you still out there?"

"Yeah. Everything taken care of?" he responded back. He sounded a little too interested.

"Well yeah, but...it got a little bit messy. Could you come in? P-Please don't laugh..."

There was a brief moment of silence, but Yu eventually walked in the restroom. He stopped in his tracks seeing the soaking wet damage Yosuke caused. It was gonna be difficult to navigate with all the piss on the floor. Not to mention, he was wearing only his underwear. They were soaked pretty bad too. He noticed Yosuke's pants were hung over the sink. They were still dripping.

"H-Holy shit...are you okay?"

Yosuke couldn't even fake it. He didn't have the energy to. "No. I'm not. I'm such a-"

Yu immediately stepped in, stopping him from continuing that train of thought. His shoes splashed the puddle a bit as he approached. Oddly, he wasn't even disgusted by it.

"Yosuke, it's not your fault this happened. You just...i-it was a ton of unlucky circumstances, that's all. Not to mention, shouldn't your manager have let you on break with how badly you needed to go?"

Yosuke shook his head. That's not how it worked. Manager's word was absolute around here, and there was no refuting it. Even if it was the co-manager who was around today, that was still the case. If he said jump, they'd ask how high. Though...Yosuke began to think about it for a moment...

"A-Actually...a few of my coworkers looked to be in a pretty bad position too. They all did in fact. I think we... all just needed a break."

Yu started rubbing his back. He felt bad for their working conditions, but what could he do?

"Well...your manager sounds like a real dick to me. Maybe you tell your dad about it? He owns the store after all. Sure he wouldn't exactly take kindly to his co-manager letting you all suffer."

Yosuke sniffled. He was just moments away from crying, but Yu's reassurance helped. His dad was a good guy. If he got all of his coworkers together to talk about it, then maybe something could happen? Still, there's no denying that Yosuke made a mess of things.

"Thanks man. Still...I kinda...pissed everywhere. Gotta handle that first," he said, feeling his face heat up. This was without a doubt, the most embarrassing moment of his life. Yu was ready to help though.

"First, let's get you some new pants. The clothing section is close by. I'll buy you a new pair, and you can get those old one's washed later. Uh...maybe I'll buy you new underwear too."

Yosuke was left speechless, but that last comment made him cover himself a bit with his hands. Still, Yu was truly one-of-a-kind. "T-Thanks man...I owe you big time..."

Yu simply nodded and smiled. "Don't worry about it. You can buy me dinner or something and we'll call it even. Be back in a sec."

As Yu turned to leave, Yosuke stopped him...

"Um...can we uh...keep this between us? Chie would never let me hear the end of it if she found out I did this. So don't say a word about it, okay?"

"Wouldn't dream of it, partner."

