How childish...

Author: Yakimaki05

*000*2024-06-20 01:11

‼️Warning‼️

This is Omorashi but has a second focus and is a crying fetish, be warned!

Alastor is walking with Rosie through the cannibal city, it's been hours since he last dared to go to the bathroom, let's say... 10 or 12 hours?.

After that he refused to just excuse himself to go to the bathroom, he kept thinking "I can go later" or "I can hold a little longer", but mother nature sure had other plans.

Rosie takes Alastor to her house while she puts the shopping she made on the table, while Alastor helps her put everything in the cupboards with her.

- Hey, Al my dear.

- Yes Rose?

- We should have another one of our traditional sleepover, what do you think?

Alastor's bladder jumps, he was hoping to get in the hotel in time to lock himself in his room and relieve himself without the danger of anyone noticing.

But Rosie was insistent, if she wanted a sleepover, she'd get one...

- I will consider your silence as a yes!

Rosie then snaps her fingers and several severed hands and arms come to help put away the groceries.

Alastor gets up quickly when a silly hand accidentally passes between his legs, a small shiver runs through his body and he feels a small urge to hold his crotch.

But he holds himself back from doing it, not in front of Rosie.

Rosie simply grabs his arm and pulls him into the bedroom, Alastor is already used to that room, but now that he was alone with Rosie while his bladder was screaming for relief, simply make his face burn with embarrassment.

Rosie looks at him and smiles, sweetly as always, until she throws him into bed and he feels his hands being pinned to the back of the bed.

It was those decalated hands of Rosie again, he was tied to the bed now.

- W-wait Rosie!

What are you doing????

- Do you really think I wouldn't realize that you need to go?

Alastor's face turns pink at his friend's speech, he tried so hard for her not to notice...

- You're moving like a robot, it's obvious.

- Uhm...

@@but why am I stuck like this?...

- You never listen to what I say, so it's time to learn a lesson.

- What?

What do you mean by that Ros-

Rosie then simply sits on the bed and begins to spread Alastor's legs a little.

- W-WAIT, WAI-IT, WAIT, R-R-ROSIE!

C-CAN WE TALK ABOUT THIS RIGHT!?

Rosie gently touched Al's belly, which was enough to make the deer shiver and squirm.

- H-hey, I can hold it, stop it...

- You can hold it?

- Well... y-yeah?...

- How childish, I didn't expect that from you Al.

- UH!? What do you meaAAH-

Rosie gently ran her hand down Al's legs, teasing his poor bladder with spasms, tears began to form in Alastor's eyes and he began to whimper softly.

More minutes passed with Rosie caressing Al's body, holding on for so long made his body clearly sensitive, small silly touches were enough to make his body tremble.

Tears started streaming down his face as he told Rosie she could hold and for her to stop.

Rosie looks at Alastor's face, red with tears in his eyes and a tired smile, maybe deep down that's what he needs, to be treated like a child.

- You like that, don't you?

- Wha-at!?

@@n-no, no I don't!

- Oh Al, we've known each other long enough for me to understand how you feel

You spent so much time trying to be a "strong" and "imposing" figure that you never gave yourself the chance to be truly vulnerable.

Alastor doesn't respond, he breathes heavily in silence trying to close his legs, but Rosie doesn't allow it.

- Maybe, just maybe, you're holding it to prove to yourself that this need to be treated like someone vulnerable is a figment of your deranged mind.

Al looks to the side, he can't look Rosie in the eyes, it was too much.

- You had all the time you needed to just go but you didn't, you could have just said "I'm leaving now Rosie, I'll see you tomorrow" but you didn't, you're trying to prove something to yourself.

Rosie begins to feel the sides of Al's waist, small grunts are heard as his legs shake.

- Maybe it's "wrong" or even "immoral" to think about how you like to be treated like a cute child, but you know what?

Rosie puts Alastor's leg over her shoulder and pinches him on the waist, making Alastor bite his lip.

- We're in hell, fuck what's immortal.

- Rosie I don't-

SHIT-

Rosie's hand goes to Al's thighs, moving painfully slow, causing several spasms in the poor radio demon.

- Rosie I swear, I ca-an... I can handle this, y-you don't have to this!

Rosie sees tears falling from Alastor's eyes, "beautiful", she thinks, for some reason...

Alastor kept talking like a spoiled child like "you can hold on a little longer" and like "it hurts, but I can hold on a little longer".

Tears ran down his face, small leaks wet his pants, Rosie watched all this and didn't stop for a second, until she decided that it was already good and that poor child should have some relief.

- You still don't seem to have learned your lesson, but I'll give you that teaspoon this time.

Alastor is confused, but before he can say anything he feels a hand sinking into his bladder, he trembles and holds back a shameful scream.

He finally looks directly into Rosie's eyes, tears come out of his eyes vividly, as if he has been holding back this crying for years.

- Oh, decided to have some manners and finally look in my eyes darling?

Alastor moans something, puffing out his cheeks like a cute child, sincerely adorable, before closing his eyes and throwing his head against the pillow and writhing in search of freedom.

- Nah ahm aham, don't try to escape, the punishment isn't over yet.

Alastor swallows his tears and looks at Rosie from the side of his face, his face is bright red and his pupils tremble with tears streaming down his face.

Rosie holds her bladder a little more and sees Al squirming even more.

- Oh come on Al, I'm trying to help you here, if you don't let me, you won't get out of here.

Alastor makes a noise similar to a deer and then fills his cheeks with air and makes a face worthy of a child's tantrum.

- Ohrororo, so this is how you want to play Mr. "radio demon, the almighty"?

Alastor appears to momentarily regret his action, but then Rosie abruptly stops pressing on his bladder, causing him to leak significantly.

- ROSIE!

- What? my child have an accident?

Tears started to flow even more down Al's face, he wasn't trying anymore, he tries to hide his face in the pillow while crying considerably louder.

Rosie simply starts playing with Al's bladder as if she were a cat, pressing and releasing it over and over again.

But some leaks came out, but clearly that wasn't all, Rosie simply got closer to Alastor's face, still with one of his legs resting on her shoulder.

- Al my dear, as cute as it is to see you acting like this, I don't want you to get some kind of bladder infection because of this.

Alastor's face simply started to compete with his red clothes, he turns his face to Rosie slowly still with a tearful and angry face.

- I-I don't care.

- ...

Oh so that's how you want to play young man?

Rosie places her hands, one on Al's bladder and one on Al's thigh.

- Apparently I still have to teach you some manners.

Before Alastor can even think to retort, Rosie squeezes his bladder and his thigh.

Alastor feels his back arch as his bladder simply gives up and lets all the liquid drain out.

The crying gets even louder and when I still tries to hide his face, it seems like it takes a decade for all the liquid to be expelled.

The flame gets soaked, as do Alastor's pants and Rosie's dress, Rosie doesn't care, she has several changes of clothes for her and Alastor and several bedding.

But when it finally ended, even though he didn't want the obvious relief on Alastor's face, he was still crying of course, but he was much more relieved.

Alastor's hands are released and he immediately grabs the pillow and covers his face completely with it to muffle his crying.

Rosie releases his legs, which immediately contract, so Alastor is in a position reminiscent of a baby inside his mother's womb.

Rosie gets up, takes clothes for herself and Alastor and puts them inside the bathroom and starts filling the bathtub.

- Al, get up, let's take a shower.

Alastor murmurs something inaudible so Rosie simply pulls him out the bed and looks straight into his eyes.

- Alastor, if you do that again, I will repeat all of this until you learn, do you hear me?

Alastor simply hugs Rosie as if she were a child seeking comfort, Rosie picks him up and takes him to the bathroom to take a looooong bath...

