Punishment

Author: Yakimaki05

*000*2024-05-31 11:22

Note: Well, for some personal reasons people seem to like Alastor Omorashi, so here's another one, but know that this one has a lot of mischaracterization.

Rosie will hit Alastor's ass (literally) and not in a sexual way.

Having been warned, read at your own risk.

###

Alastor spent the whole day helping Rosie solve the problems of the residents of the cannibal city,it was his day off at the hotel and he decided to spend it with his best friend, even if he had to work with her in his free time, still worth it.

Unfortunately Alastor can't take breaks because for some reason there are a lot of people with problems in the city...

Suzan especially, that bitch...

Anyway, Alastor didn't even get a chance to sneak to the bathroom like he normally does, and he didn't want to order Rosie with his problem so he decided to forget about it, he thought he could just hold it until he got back to the hotel, and he was wrong.

Rosie pulled him everywhere to help with problems at houses, stores, etc, Alastor felt like he was close to leaking every time his was pulled by the arm.

His face flushed slightly just thinking about it...

He just wanted to cling and ask for Rosi take him to the bathroom but that would be SO pathetic...

How could he think that?

How could the RADIO DEMON be willing to do something so humiliating???

If Rosie knew about these types of thoughts...

Ahhhhhh, he didn't even wanna imagine what she would think, he did his best to didn't let his "need" show to anyone.

But as more time passed, he just wanted put his hands between his legs to hold himself like a child.

Wouldn't it be easier to just say hes going to the bathroom? of course it was, but that guy has a strange pride...

He shivered slightly when no one was looking, he would keep his eye on anything so as not to think about it.

Until FINALLY the chores were over, Alastor sighed in relief, imagining that he would finally be able to relieve himself when he returned to the hotel.

But Rosie just took him into her house and said:

- It's late, sleep here today.

He had no problem sleeping with her, he had already done it several times, they even slept in the same bed (no, it's not sexual at all) but did she want to do it today when all he wants to do is go to the hotel?...

Alastor reluctantly agrees, maybe he could hold it until the next day?...

Rosie looks at Alastor with her usual gentle gaze, it's destabilizing...

He feels so vulnerable when he's alone with her, it's as if his entire wall of defense fell the moment the door closed.

He wanted so much to just ask to go to the bathroom, but that would be embarrassing, wouldn't it?

The radio demon having to ask to go to the bathroom? how humiliating...

Rosie drags Alastor into the kitchen to cook for him.

She sits him in the chair, which only makes his situation worse, Rosie starts talking about different types of food she could prepare for them, she seems so excited, which makes his thoughts about asking to go to the bathroom even more shameful.

Here she is super excited about eating comfort food and he's thinking about how he's about to wet his pants... what a shameful situation.

Rosie notices how Alastor is oblivious to everything he says, and thinks that maybe he is very tiring or something is wrong with his health.

Without thinking much she pats his head while asking what's wrong, she always does that, it's not something new, but Alastor's body was so sensitive that this simple touch was enough to make him put his hands on his crotch to don't leak.

Rosie understands the problem when Alastor's hands go to his pants, Alastor only realizes what to do when it's too late, damn sensitive body...

- Alastor...

- ...

- Again?

Didn't I already tell you that you should tell me when you need to go?

Stop hiding this from me!

- Sor-ry Rosie...

I just didn't w-want to bot-ther you...

- Well NOW I'm bothered, you didn't learn your lesson last time?

Alastor doesn't respond and looks away.

- Last time you almost had an accident, I thought that made you learn your lesson.

- It was a long time ago...

- It was 2 months ago Alastor.

- l-long time...

Rosie strokes Alastor's head and ears again, knowing it triggers his bladder.

Alastor squirms in the chair, squeezes his crotch and stamps his feet lightly on the floor.

In a way it was a lovely sight, but it was still shameful for Alastor.

His ears move uncontrollably and his face takes on a deeper shade of red.

His eyes started to form little tears, he's really vulnerable around her...

- Wow, you're really hopeless, Alastor...

Rosie picks Alastor up and takes him to the couch, sitting down and placing Alastor lying on her legs.

- Rosie? darling, wh-hat are you doing?...

- If you don't learn from almost having an accident, I'm going to have to make you actually suffer one.

Alastor doesn't understand at first, but a few seconds later the realization hits him.

- no No NO NO!!!-

R-ROSIE MY DEAR HAHAHA, C-CAN WE TALK ABOUT THIS FIRST?-

Rosie simply slaps Alastor butt, how a mother punished her son for do mess.

Alastor lets out a small scream, and then bites his tongue to stop himself.

- You are very naughty.

One more slap.

- And very stubborn.

One more slap.

- What did I tell you to do?

And one more slap.

- T-talkg when I ne-eed to go to the b-b-bathroom...

Alastor says almost crying.

- And what did you do?

- I didn't speak when I needed to go...

- Exactly.

And them, 2 more slaps.

Alastor grunge with the pain of two slaps in a row.

- I-I'm sorry Rosi-

UH-

More slaps.

- P-please, I've already lear-rned my lesson, s-stop...

One more slap.

Alastor feels his bladder crying with each slap, wanting to simply let all the liquid go.

But he couldn't do that, right?...

One, and one, and one more slap.

- You won't learn your lesson if you don't suffer the consequences

Rosie says knocking in a calm voice, if only her voice was heard, I wouldn't even imagine what is happening.

- Ros-sie...

Alastor says on the verge of tears, but still with that smile on his face.

One more and one more and one more slap.

- Don't argue with me dear, you know I won't listen.

One. More. Slap.

- URH-

Simple Alastor's bladder comes loose, all the liquid leaks out of his pants and wets the sofa.

The tears that Alastor was holding back also flow from his face, beyond his control.

Alastor sighs painfully as he can't contain any more of his body's liquids from escaping him without his permission.

Rosie puts her hand down and stops slaps.

Her dress also is being hanged by urine, but she clearly cares 0% about this.

Almost a minute later the flow finally stops and only drops fall on the sofa.

Rosie pulls Alastor and places his head on her chest, hugging him while stroking his head.

- The worst is over, now, you've learned your lesson?

- ...

@@y-yes...

- Good Boy 💞

