The Priestess

Author: yuno_the_cat

*000*2024-03-21 15:29

Orion walked up the beautiful stone path to the goddess’ temple, her white dress gently blowing in the breeze along with her hazel brown curls. She was a priestess, a caretaker of the goddess Aurora’s temple. Aurora was the goddess that the Gladion’s followed, and her temple was a short walk from the palace.

As she walked, Orion frowned a little as she felt a twinge in her lower abdomen. She had slept in too late, and had to be at the temple from sunrise to midday until another priestess came to watch over the temple in the evening. So, she hurried off to the temple as soon as getting ready and hadn’t gotten to use the restroom yet…

As the temple came into view, Orion debated whether or not she should just go pee… but decided against it. She was a priestess, and she wouldn’t use a bush of all things to relieve herself… and right by a sacred sight too! As she was walking to the archway, the priestess who watched over the temple during the night, named Nina, came out of the temple. She gave Orion a quick wave and the two made some small talk for a few minutes before parting ways.

When she entered the temple, Orion put the wooden bucket filled with water and the cloth down on the marble floor before walking to the grand statue, smiling softly. The temple was a peaceful place, a home to her, and it was just… so beautiful. She sat on her knees in front of the statue and pressed her hands together in the praying position. Sometimes, Aurora would send messages to the priestesses through dreams… which was why Orion felt a burst of curiosity when small, quiet, soothing whispers started to flood her ears, and she felt herself beginning to drift off…

###

An hour or two passed by when Orion woke up again, blinking the sleep from her eyes and rubbing them. She would have to work on interpreting the vision later, when she was back in her room… usually she would write down what she saw to determine what the message was. Orion gasped slightly and pressed her hand to her lap, sitting up quickly after feeling a sharp throb in her bladder. Her need had increased tenfold since she had fallen asleep, causing her to squirm and shift to control herself.

“Oh dear…” Orion mumbled softly, pressing her legs together. It wasn’t even close to midday yet… she still had three hours until she was allowed to leave, and she already felt like her poor bladder was holding a river!

Orion whimpered, holding herself and squirming a little more before gathering her composure and standing, feeling the heaviness in her bladder as she walked over to the bucket and cloth to begin her cleaning. The sound of the water sloshing in the bucket, and the coldness of it on her hands as she wet the towel and cleaned the floor, was not helping her case. Not being able to hold herself was excruciating, but she needed two hands to clean and had to ignore her desperation and uncomfortable, full bladder. That, combined with the tightness of her dress around her abdomen, was proving to make this a challenge.

Orion groaned slightly as she felt her throat become dry from the hot summer air. Though it was beautiful out, it was warm, and the skylight in the temple meant that it was quite warm here…

She begrudgingly walked over to her water canteen and took a large gulp of water… she’d rather be desperate than pass out from dehydration, even if the added water made her need to hold herself as she drank it. Orion put the canteen down and squirmed, feeling her desperation worsen as the large amount of piss inside her bladder begged for release. Her other hand went to her crotch as she squirmed.

“Hngh… this is torture…” Orion mumbled to herself in desperation, before forcing herself to stop holding herself and get back to work.

Every time she had to crouch down or bend over to get some spots on the statue or floor, she felt the piss slosh in her bladder as she squirmed and shifted, trying to keep her dignity by forcing herself not to do a little pee dance despite being alone in this temple.

As Orion sat on her knees cleaning part of the floor, her heel pressed against her crotch as she squirmed, her thighs shakily pressing together to avoid peeing. But, her hands were so shaky, when she reached for the bucket again, a bit of the cold water splashed on her legs and crotch.

Orion squeaked in surprise and felt her bladder start to leak as she wriggled and grabbed her crotch to stop it. “N-No… stoppit!”

She managed to keep the leak back after a few moments, but it certainly didn’t help her desperation as she wriggled and squirmed, her eyes pricking with tears. She couldn’t have an accident in a sacred temple, but her bladder was so full… it was practically rock solid, and the tight fabric of her dress pressing into it was like someone was pressing down on her bladder…

After a torturously long time, it was finally time for Orion to leave the temple. As she sat on the steps of the temple, her hands pressed into her lap as she squirmed and whimpered from time to time, she waited for the next priestess to come. The last thing she would need to do is go to the river and refill the bucket with water to bring it back to the other priestess.

When the other girl got there, Orion was quick to hurry down the river, feeling little leaks escaping her completely full bladder as she tried to hold back the river of piss inside her. As she got down the river, the rushing water made her bladder spasm and beg for relief as she put the bucket in the water to collect it, pee dancing a little as her eyes watered from the effort and desperation of holding in the large amount of pee in her poor bladder.

Without warning, a final, sharp throb of desperation made her bladder give up, and pee started to leak down her legs like a waterfall. Orion yelped and dropped the bucket on the grass, grabbing her crotch and squirming to desperately try and hold back the flood to no avail, the hot golden liquid gushing past her fingers.

She gave up trying to keep it back and let go, too relieved to feel any shame as the hard stream soaked into the grass under her. Orion was surprised her small bladder could hold as much as it was letting out, and it ached with relief as her legs trembled as she took what quite possibly was the longest and most relieving piss of her life.

