Too much to handle...

Author: Yakimaki05

*000*2024-07-12 17:18

"5 hours, 5 damn hours, what the hell is Lilith doing outside of this apartment!?"

That's what Alastor was thinking lying in bed in an apartment in heaven, Lilith took him with her to heaven because he was "her favorite toy".

Today Lilith decided to go to the beach, but Alastor refused, so as punishment Lilith locked him in the apartment and ordered him not to get out of bed until she told him he could leave.

Now Alastor is bored in bed, he has lost count of how many times he has been asleep and awake, this is so boring...

He lies face up looking at the ceiling of the apartment, his thoughts are vague and fleeting, until a pang hits his bladder.

Alastor quickly gets up and lifts his shirt, oh, his bladder is very full...

How did he not notice this before!?

Is it because he was sleeping and waking up several times?

Damn this is bad...

Alastor looks around for any sign that Lilith will return soon, unfortunately his eyes go to the bathroom with the door wide open.

The toilet is right in front of him, but he can't go, he can't get out of this damn bed until Lilith tells him he can.

Another pang hits his bladder with the vision, Alastor lies roughly on the bed, whimpering how cruel this is and how he hates Lilith for it.

He writhes on the bed like a worm that has been exposed to the midday sun, moaning quietly about how much he needs to go.

To make matters worse, he's only wearing black underwear and his usual shirt without his blazer.

Because Lilith thought that Alastor's embarrassment at being "exposed" with so little clothing was Ilario.

Alastor covers himself with the sheets and holds himself like a child, shaking legs turning from one side to the other whining "bathroom".

This is so childish...

Alastor feels so vulnerable now, Lilith is one of the few who has this effect on him, No matter how hard he tries, everything about her makes him degrade into a cute child desperate for some relief.

The fact that he didn't know when Lilith would return It's just torturous.

1 hour passes

6 hours, who spends 6 hours on a damn beach!?

Didn't she think Alastor might get bored or even needy!? this is cruel-

Oh no...

Noooooo no no no no this kind of thinking is so shameful.

Alastor's bladder is already at the point of throbbing, he looks at the bathroom and groans in pain from the torture of being able to see but not being able to go...

Their ears fall back on their heads, he turns from one side to the other moaning Lilith's name, it's the only thing he can think of to keep from thinking about the bathroom.

- Lilith, Lilith, Lilith, Lilith, Lilith, Lilith...

- Did you call me dear?

His ears perked up, surprise and embarrassment hit his face at the same time, He looks up and sees Lilith, standing right in front of him, wearing sunglasses, a bikini and a sun hat.

Al's face is red, and his eyes are so wide he looks like he's seen a ghost.

- Oh, my little deer need to use the potty?

The red on Al's face gets even stronger, he doesn't know what to do, he spent an hour complaining about what he was going to do to Lilith when he saw her, but now that he is actually face to face with her, he only manages to lower himself again...

Lilith sits in the center of the bed, and pulls the covers off Alastor, throwing them off the bed.

Alastor is sweaty, holding his crotch like the world depends on it, and his ears flatten again while his face shakes and small tears start to form in the corners of his eyes.

Lilith holds Alastor's waist and places him on her lap, humming softly while stroking Al's ears.

Another pang hits Alastor's bladder, this is cruel, his bladder is already throbbing with the need to be released.

Lilith then starts playing with Al's horns, this is one of Al's erogenous zone, that's not fair!

A low moan comes out of Alastor out of his control as he tightens his hold on his crotch.

Lilith laughs and starts scratching Al's horns, which would be amazing if he wasn't about to pee his pants.

A wave of need for pleasure hits him, as if it wasn't enough Lilith whispers to him:

- Baby deer, do you need the potty?

Alastor's face turns to Lilith's, and sees a serene and calm face, so peaceful and motherly.

It's painful, too painful, he ends up seeing the bathroom again, and then his entire sense of dignity shatters.

- ...

@@yes...

- Uhhh??? did I not hear you right? what did you say?

Alastor trembles, this is shameful, he knows what Lilith wants to hear, and deep down, he also wants to say it, but still...

He groans and swallows hard, and takes a deep breath before speaking.

- y-yes m-mommy...

His ears couldn't be lower, and his face redder.

- Ok ok baby.

Lilith snaps her fingers and suddenly Alastor's underwear disappears, and he finds himself sitting on a potty.

His eyes dilate, that's... damn, that's embarrassing on the extreme level...

Lilith lifts his face to hers with a finger, and smiles peacefully.

- You can go now.

- B-but...

Everything will leak on the bed-

- Oh my baby, I can clean up later, don't worry!

Alastor groans in pain, he needs to go so bad, he's going to explode, but, peeing in a chamber pot? and in front of Lilith!? What would others think!?...

Lilith gives Al a sudden kiss on the forehead, that was the last straw, all of Alastor's barriers break and pee starts to slowly come out of his crotch.

- M-mommy!...

Alastor speaks in a tearful tone, hugging Lilith and crying, Lilith continues stroking Al's ears and scratching his horns.

Alastor is completely broken, he talks like a child and moans softly how much he needed to go, how evil Lilith was leaving him locked there for so many hours.

Complaining about how long he had been holding this all in and how she had no consideration for him for not thinking he might need to go all this time

It took almost a minute for all the liquid to be expelled by Alastor, it was dark yellow, Alastor doesn't drink much water apparently.

Of course a child's potty couldn't hold it all, so it leaked almost all of it onto the white sheets of the bed, Alastor whimpers in pain as his aching bladder finally empties.

He takes a deep breath and shakes as the last drops are expelled from his body.

Lilith moves him a little away from her so she can see his face.

Red, with tears, and embarrassed, but with obvious relief on his face.

A rather sadistic smile forms on Lilith's face, she should do this more often...

