How to bond with your new Stepmother

Author: YaboiYursTruly

*000*2022-12-13 08:22

Hey everyone I decided to have a go at writing a little story about two girls exploring their different fetishes involving omorashi. It just so happens they are new stepmom and stepdaughter. This story was created with the help of AI. Please excuse spelling errors and some choppy sentences.

Please let me know what you think of the story, and let me know your ideas for what should happen next! I hope you enjoy.

#

Chapter 1

"Kaylee I told you we have to leave in 10 minutes! Why are you still in bed?" Her step mother asked. "Didn't you hear me say that? Get up and get dressed!" She yelled out again as she walked past the door of Kaylee's room.

Kaylee rolled out of bed and sighed. She really didn't want to go on this trip with her step mom. Ever since her dad remarried a year ago, things haven't been the same. Plus her Dad got a promotion, and was traveling all the time. She felt like she barely got to see him. She didn't like her new step mom all that much. In fact, she hated her. And now they were going on a girls trip together. Her step mom said it was to help them bond. Whatever that means.

Kaylee stepped into the bathroom and took off all her clothes. She sat on the toilet and began to pee. Urine splashed loudly against the bowl. She could smell her urine as it splashed in the water. The sound of the stream hitting the bowl echoed throughout the bathroom. Finally her stream stopped and she wiped herself. She stood up and flushed. She paused to check herself out in the bathroom mirror. She was a cute little redhead with big blue eyes. Her skin was pale, and had some freckles scattered around her face. She had a small frame with little boobs and a nice tight ass. Her legs and feet were also very beautiful; long slender legs and tiny toes with painted pink nails. She felt pretty good about how she looked.

Kaylee began brushing her teeth when suddenly there was a knock at the door. It was her stepmom.

"Come on honey. Hurry up!"

Kaylee couldn't believe what she just heard. Did she seriously call her 'honey'? Kaylee rolled her eyes and finished brushing her teeth. She fixed her hair into a ponytail and changed into her outfit. She slid on her white panties and bra. Next she buttoned her jean shorts and put on a white tank top. Finally she slid her flip flops on her cute feet.

Kaylee grabbed her bags she packed the night before and headed down stairs. When she reached the bottom floor, she noticed her step mom waiting for her angrily in the kitchen, with breakfast was sitting on the table.

"I told you to hurry up! What is wrong with you? We need to be out of here by 7:30!"

Kaylee opened the fridge and pulled out an orange juice carton. She poured her juice and then took a sip. "Sorry," She said as she gulped down the rest of the juice.

"No, you disobeyed me. I'm going to punish you. Her step mom said in a cold voice.

Kaylee was confused. Is she serious? "What do you mean?"

Her step mom stood up and walked over to her. "Give me your phone."

"What!? No way!" Kaylee said angrily.

"You can either give me your phone or I'll call your dad." Her step mom threatened.

Kaylee was shocked. She couldn't believe what she was hearing. She knew what would happen if her dad found out. He'd ground her, or even spank her when he got home from his trip. But she couldn't let that happen. She handed her step mom her phone without saying anything.

"Now hurry and eat your breakfast. We're leaving in ten minutes."

"You're the worst! You know I don't like you, Sandra!" Kaylee said angrily.

Her step mother's eyes narrowed in anger. "I know you don't like me, but I punish you for your own good. I'm hoping our trip will help us with our relationship. Now finish eating your breakfast."

Kaylee ate quickly while her step mom watched.

Kaylee's step mom Sandra was a beautiful lady. She had long black hair and bright green eyes. Her body was perfect. She wasn't skinny but she also didn't have any fat on her. Her breasts were big and firm, although not overly large. Her waist was slim and her ass was round and full. Her pussy was shaved and pretty. Her legs and feet were also absolutely gorgeous. Her body often made Kaylee jealous of how amazing she looked compared to Kaylee's small figure.

Kaylee finished her breakfast and downed another glass of orange juice. She got up and gathered all her stuff. Her step mom followed behind her.

"Wait a minute," Sandra said.

"Yes?" Kaylee replied.

"You should probably pee before we leave.

"I thought you wanted me to hurry?" Kaylee said annoyed.

"I don't plan on stopping for a while, so you might want to use the bathroom."

"No thanks, I'll be fine." Kaylee said annoyed.

Sandra glared at her. "Whatever. I'm just trying to help." She turned around and walked out the front door. Kaylee grabbed her bags and followed behind her.

"We have a long drive ahead of us. The gps says 13 hours." Her step mom explained.

"You expect me to ride with you in the car without my phone for 13 hours!?" Kaylee asked angrily.

"Yes, Now get in."

Kaylee climbed into the back seat. Her step mom got in and then started up the engine. They drove out of her driveway and onto the road. Thee two sat in the car silently while they drove. Kaylee was furious that her step mom wouldn't let her use her phone. How was she supposed to go 13 hours without it?

*001*2022-12-13 08:34

Chapter 2

The first hour went by slow and uneventful. There wasn't much traffic, and the roads were smooth. But Kaylee could feel a twinge in her bladder. Maybe I shouldn't have drank all that orange juice." She thought to herself. Another 30 minutes passed and Kaylee felt her bladder starting to fill up quickly.

"Sandra," she said quietly.

"Yeah?"

"I think I need to pee."

"What!? We're only an hour in. Why didn't you go before we left like I said!?" Sandra yelled.

"I-I drank too much juice. So please pull over."

Sandra was furious. "No, I won't stop. You're going to have to hold it. We're not stopping for another 2 hours."

"There's no way I can hold it that long!" Kaylee cried.

"Well either you hold it, or pee yourself in this car. Your choice."

Kaylee's face turned red. "Fine. I'll just hold it." She said angrily.

"Why don't you try to take a nap or something? That may help."

Kaylee was silent for a moment. Then she said "Okay."

She laid her head down on the seat and closed her eyes, hoping to fall asleep. She took off her flip flops and lifted her feet on to the center console, right next to her step mother's arm. Sandra looked down and noticed her step daughters feet. She saw that her toes were painted hot pink.

"Hot pink? What a great color on you." She complimented.

Kaylee smiled up at her step mom. "Thank you."

"It looks nice on you. Where did you get them done?"

"At the mall."

"I like them. I might get some for myself next time I go shopping."

Kaylee blushed and looked out the window. Finally she closed her eyes and drifted to sleep.

Sandra looked back at her step daughter. She could see Kaylee's chest moving with every breath. Her nipples were poking through her thin shirt. "Even though she's terrible at times, she's really cute." Sandra thought to herself. Every time she looked down she caught glimpses of her step daughters feet. They looked so sexy in those hot pink nail polish. Sandra couldn't resist looking down as she drove. Sandra adjusted the rearview mirror so it would be easier for her to look at her step daughter's sleeping body. Kaylee's cheeks were flushed red and her lips slightly parted.

She looked so peaceful. Sandra continued driving for another hour occasionally peeking in the backseat. She could see Kaylee's face scrunch up into a grimace and then relax again. Her toes curling up and relaxing. Her chest rising and falling rapidly. It was obvious Kaylee was holding her pee desperately. Sandra couldn't help but watch her step daughter squirming around. Sandra could feel a tingling sensation between her legs. The more she watched her step daughter the wetter she became.

After another hour she saw a sign for a rest stop. Sandra contemplated pulling over. She could feel her own bladder filling up a bit. She thought about how she told Kaylee that she would stop for her. But, she decided to keep driving. Besides they were making good time anyways. And a part of her wanted Kaylee to suffer a little.

Sandra looked back at Kaylee. She was still sleeping, but her legs were shaking and her toes curled up. Her face was even redder than usual. Her breathing was heavier and she was sweating. Sandra looked ahead and slowed her car down. Traffic had come to a complete stop.

The suddenly deceleration made Kaylee snap awake. "What's going on!?" She asked.

"Traffic jam." Sandra answered.

Kaylee's hands shot straight to her crotch. "I have to go NOW! I can't wait!" She wailed.

"It will be at least another hour before we move again the gps says. There must be a pretty bad wreck up ahead" Sandra explained.

Kaylee turned bright red. "I'm going to pee my pants if I have to hold it any longer." Kaylee said. Tears welled up in her eyes as she began crying.

"L-let me pee on the road." She begged.

"You're joking, right?" Sandra scoffed.

"No, seriously. Please let me pee on the side of the road."

"Do you see the cop car behind us? If I let you pee on the side of the road, he'll arrest you for indecent exposure." Sandra explained.

Kaylee stared at her stepmother in disbelief. Tears and snot streamed down her face. Kaylee was absolutely bursting. Sandra was getting a strange feeling watching her step daughter desperately needing to pee. She knew she shouldn't, but Sandra felt a strong urge to see her step daughter pee in the back seat of her car. Sandra suddenly began to feel horny. Her mind began to wander. She imagined what Kaylee's pussy would look like soaked in urine. As she looked at Kaylee she could tell her step daughter was about to pee herself.

*002*2022-12-13 08:44

Chapter 3

"I-i've got to go!!" Kaylee cried.

"I know honey, I know. Just hang tight." Sandra said soothingly. She could see the desperation in Kaylee's face. Kaylee's hands clenched around her crotch as if trying to hold onto her bladder. She could see her stepdaughter's muscles tense as she tried to fight the urge to go. Kaylee's stepmother watched her step daughter's bottom clenching and unclenching. She knew there was no way she could make it another hour in this condition. It was only a matter of time. And then she saw it happen.

Kaylee's head snapped up from the seat. Her arms crossed over her chest. Her shoulders twitched. She looked at her step mother with pleading eyes.

"Please..I... Sandra! I'm gonna..." Kaylee gasped. She squeezed her legs together as hard as possible to try and avoid letting anything escape.

Sandra watched Kaylee's face contort. She could see her step daughter's eyes close. Tears rolled down her cheeks. A loud moan escaped Kaylee's lips. Then finally, she relaxed. Her shoulders slowly dropped. Her hands fell away from her crotch. Her legs uncrossed and spread open, and Her toes uncurled. Her whole body seemed to melt in the seat. She was practically lifeless. She looked so helpless.

"Oh, sweetie!" Sandra exclaimed softly.

Kaylee opened her mouth wide as a stream of warm yellow liquid sprayed violently out from between her legs, soaking the front of her jean shorts. Kaylee was shaking uncontrollably now. Sandra's eyes went wide as she watched her step daughter release a torrent of pee. She could see her step daughter's pee soaking through the crotch of her jeans and dripped down her inner thighs. Urine pooled under her step daughter's butt and all over the leather car seat.

Kaylee let out a scream as she continued to pee. The stream poured out of her like a fire hose. She couldn't control it. It just kept coming. Sandra had never seen such an intense peeing session. It lasted for almost a full minute.

Finally, Kaylee finished. She fell silent and closed her eyes. Her body shivered and spasmed with each breath. Sandra could hear Kaylee sniffling quietly. She wiped her eyes.

"Are you alright?" Sandra asked.

"Yes." Kaylee whispered. Tears ran down her cheeks.

"That was pretty impressive." Sandra complimented. "You really needed that didn't you?"

"So much." Kaylee whimpered.

Kaylee was absolutely soaked in her own pee. Sandra had never seen such a mess. Her jean shorts were completely drenched. She could smell the distinct odor of urine. Sandra could literally see her step daughter's piss soaking into the leather seats.

"We still have another 45 minutes to go." Sandra told Kaylee. "You're just going to have to sit in your own pee for a while

Kaylee stared at her step mother in horror. She was mortified.

"I'm sorry." Sandra said sympathetically. "But you don't have a choice."

Kaylee's tears started to flow again as she buried her face in her hands.

Sandra could feel her panties getting wet. She could see her step daughter's piss soaking the seat. She could smell the pungent scent of her step daughters piss. She looked at her step daughter with lustful eyes.

"You should get comfortable. I don't know how long this traffic is going to last" Sandra suggested.

*003*2022-12-13 09:02

Here is Kaylee and Sandra for reference. Also AI generated

&&

&&

*008*2022-12-26 03:32

{{On 12/21/2022 at 3:26 PM, AliasnameTO said:

What AI did you use? Those pics are great hehe. Sucks that Sandra thought imposing her "authority" as stepmom would be a good precursor to bonding but it's hot that she's into the resulting show.

}}

I used NovelAI to help generate the story, as well as create the images.

*012*2022-12-31 05:05

{{On 12/26/2022 at 11:28 AM, dewydewy said:

I have been trying to generate similar stories using ChatGPT, but it has a pretty strong block on anything even romantic in nature, and I have a hard time tricking it into writing something even slightly erotic. Does NovelAI have any restrictions like that? Is it as good as ChatGPT? Do you think it is worth it? Cheers!

}}

I've never used ChatGPT. But with NovelAI you type out a sentence and the AI can generate the next few lines for you. Very cool and easy to use.

*015*2023-01-05 07:20

Chapter 4

I decided to go a sexual route. :P

"I don't want to sit in my wet clothes anymore! It's been almost half an hour!" Kaylee said.

"Well, you can take them off at the gas station." Sandra replied. "It looks like we're moving again."

Finally, the traffic cleared up, and they made it to a gas station. Sandra pulled in and turned off the car.

"I'm going inside to go to the bathroom." Sandra told Kaylee. "Go ahead and take care of yourself. I'll be right back."

Kaylee nodded. She could tell Sandra wasn't happy about this situation, but she didn't say anything.

Sandra hurried her way inside. As soon as she entered, she bolted into the ladies room. She took her place in the very first stall. She undid her jeans and panties and slid them down her hips. Arousal fluid dripped down her pussy. She was so horny. She sat back against the toilet and spread her legs wide. She reached her hand between her legs and began furiously rubbing her clit. She couldn't believe what she saw earlier. She kept replaying Kaylee peeing herself in her mind. She couldn't get the image out of her head. She felt so ashamed of herself for watching her step daughter like that. 

But at the same time, she was incredibly turned on by it. What Kaylee did was so humiliating, yet so erotic. Sandra's fingers quickly became slick with her arousal. She rubbed faster and harder as she got closer to climax. She could feel her pussy getting hotter and tighter. She bit her lip as she came hard. Her juices squirted out of her pussy and splattered onto the toilet seat. A huge orgasm shook her entire body. Pee shot out of her pussy in a steady stream. She could hear herself gushing loudly as she orgasmed. Pee wildly shot out of her, missing the toilet completely. It landed all over the floor, and soaking the seat. She continued to cum as she peed, shooting hot urine everywhere. She thought about Kaylee sitting in her own piss. She thought about Kaylee's body, and how she would look naked. She pictured Kaylee pissing in front of her.

Sandra's pussy contracted repeatedly as she came. She held her breath as she finished emptying her bladder. She gasped for air. She couldn't believe how much she came. Realization hit as she looked down, seeing her own pee all over her legs, toilet seat, floor, and even the stall door. Guilt and shame set in as she realized what she had done. She just masturbated to fantasies of her own step daughter. It was so wrong. She was disgusted with herself. She knew she shouldn't do it. But she couldn't help it. She was addicted to Kaylee's humiliation. She thought how embarrassing it must be to pee yourself. This thought excited her. Sandra began cleaning up her mess.

Meanwhile Kaylee was still in the car waiting for her stepmom to come back. She tried to clean herself as best she could. But there was nothing she could do to fix the seat or the floor. She was so ashamed of her messy clothes. She sat in her own urine thinking about how her stepmother watched her pee herself. She thought about how humiliated she felt. And then she imagined what it would be like to have her stepmother watch her again. She imagined her stepmother making her walk around in her own urine soaked shorts. That would be so humiliating. She shivered at the idea. Her pussy tingled from the thought of it. Why am I so turned on by this? Suddenly her thoughts were interrupted by Sandra opening her car door.

"Here you are." Sandra said. "I ran into the store and grabbed some cleaning supplies for you."

Kaylee smiled weakly and thanked her stepmother. She was still embarrassed, but she was feeling a little better now. When Kaylee stood up out of her seat, pee dripped down her legs.

"I'm not going to clean up your mess." Sandra announced. "You're a big girl. You should be able to figure out how to clean it up. After all, you made it. You're going to have to get out and clean it up. I don't want to touch it."

"But I'm soaked! Everyone will know I peed my shorts!" Kaylee protested.

"That's too bad. Are you going to clean it up or not?"

"I can't let people see me like this!" Kaylee cried.

"Then you'd better hurry up before someone sees you." Sandra said as she pushed open the car door. Kaylee stepped out hesitantly. Her face was bright red. She looked around the parking lot hoping no one would notice her wet shorts. She was mortified by the mess. She didn't know where to start. There was pee everywhere. The smell of her own urine filled the air. She took some paper towels and began wiping up the mess. She wiped off her legs and crotch first. Then she used cleaning products on the seat and floor. Sandra was standing over her, watching her work.

"You missed a spot." Sandra said as she pointed to a stain. Kaylee quickly wiped it up.

"There, that looks much better," Sandra said. "Go get some new clothes out of your bag."

Kaylee walked over to the trunk and opened it. She pulled out her suitcase, trying to avoid looking at Sandra. She grabbed a pair of green athletic shorts and pink panties. She zipped her luggage back up and walked over to her stepmother.

"You're going to have to change in the store. I'm not letting you back in the car with soaked clothes." Sandra said. "You're going to have to go inside wearing those wet clothes."

"What? No way! People will laugh at me!"

"I don't care. Now get changed. Hurry up."

Kaylee hesitated for a moment, but she knew she couldn't win. She would be humiliated either way. So she awkwardly walked into the store. She looked down at her soaked shorts and blushed. She tried to act natural, but she was really self conscious about being seen like this. Tears welled up in her eyes as she slowly walked into the store. She stopped short when she saw two customers staring at her. Their faces were shocked with embarrassment as they stared at her. They obviously noticed her soaked shorts. She held her head down as she made her way into the store. She glanced around until she located the bathroom. She walked inside and locked herself in the first stall. She sat on the toilet still wearing her wet shorts. She began crying quietly. She was so embarrassed to be seen in this situation.

She sat on the toilet for several minutes, sobbing. She had never been so humiliated. She felt dirty and disgusting. She heard the door to the bathroom open and close. Then she heard the sound of footsteps approaching. She looked up and saw Sandra walk into the bathroom. She was carrying a small plastic bag.

"Here put your wet clothes in here." Sandra said as she handed Kaylee the bag from under the stall.

Kaylee picked up the bag and began removing her soaking wet shorts. Sandra stood outside the door listening to Kaylee change. Kaylee peeled off her urine soaked shorts. They fell with a loud plop onto the floor. Next, she removed her underwear and placed them in the bag. There she stood, naked from the waist down. Her face burned with humiliation.

