Video, Camera, Action

Author: Yakimaki05

*000*2024-04-06 02:27

Vox's habit of stalking Alastor never bothered Alastor, on the contrary, he always liked feeling that people wanted his attention.

So when he discovered that Vox was obsessed with him to the point of chasing him with cameras and going to the places he goes, Alastor felt superior and happy.

But right now, THIS VOX HABIT IS KILLING HIM!

Alastor, for some reason, for the first time, couldn't find a blind spot in Vox's cameras so he could disappear and go to the bathroom.

Could he teleport and go through the shadows?

Of course!

But since he's not able to focus, this could end VERY badly.

Vox doesn't know that Alastor is aware that he is being stalked, this has been a little game for Alastor since Vox started stalking him, he pretends not to know to see how far Vox will go, and that for him is HILARIOUS!

But in the situation he is in now, he has 2 options.

Don't destroy the camera to avoid looking suspicious and making Vox discover that he knows he is being stalked, or suffer enormous embarrassment in front of the Vox cameras.

He knows that Vox would never show something like this to anyone, he would keep it as a prize and save it with the name "Alastor wetting himself like a baby", because he wants this feeling all for himself.

BUT IN ANY WAY BEING SEEN IN SUCH CONDITIONS BY ANYONE WOULD BE HUMILIATING!

Alastor does his best to avoid the cameras, trying not to appear desperate or suspicious.

Vox observes this over coffee, he sees little things that make him think something is wrong, but it's all so small that only someone obsessed with Alastor (Vox himself) would realize.

So he ignores it and goes to watch his other cameras, of course, not for a moment stopping to pay attention to the camera where Alastor is.

Alastor is getting restless, he feels the liquid in his bladder shaking and he curses himself for drinking coffee.

Not that he drank a lot or anything, it was just a daily afternoon coffee, but still...

He looks around, not daring to look where the camera is, he just wants to arrive at the hotel calmly, and go to the bathroom without being disturbed, since he and Lucifer argue that there are no cameras in the place, Vox himself gave up on putting cameras there, so the hotel must be the safest place for those who do not want to be filmed.

But there's a problem with this plan, and the name of the problem is Lucifer.

This bastard always bothers him when he comes home, and he's really good at reading people, he would quickly discover Alastor's shameful situation and mock him for it.

Alastor curses himself again, but now for letting things get to a point where he seems to have no escape.

Vox turns his attention to Alastor's camera when he sees a giant demon seemingly made of dark mass form behind Alastor.

Alastor was so focused on his thoughts that he didn't seem to notice, he just continued his walk to the hotel as if he didn't notice the demon.

Until the dark demon melts and puts his hand on Alastor's shoulder, Vox brings his face closer to the broadcast panel, he is curious to know how Alastor will defeat this disgusting creature.

Alastor turns slowly and speaks calmly.

- Take your hand off me sir.

The creature smiles fearfully and looks at Alastor with a lustful look.

Alastor is a little scared by the lust exuding from the demon, normally these types of demons would come to kill him, no... fuck him...

The demon then places his hand on both of Alastor's shoulders and pulls him in for a forced kiss, quickly when Alastor creates his shadow tentacles to push him away.

Alastor makes his tentacles tear, crush, and throw away the dark demon's remains without a second thought.

And then he realizes that the camera that was watching him was hit by his tentacles without him realizing it.

Vox writhes in his seat, pissed not because he lost a camera, but because he missed the most interesting part of Alastor attacking a demon.

Alastor smiles realizing he is now free to go to the bathroom, until he realized that some drops escaped him during the fight against the demon...

There are no visible marks, but it was still shameful for him to have let himself get wet like that...

He turns to go directly to the hotel, When he sweats, he is surprised to see Rosie in front of him, she stops him to talk about the weather and several other things.

Alastor curses himself ONCE AGAIN for not being able to push her away, she is such a loyal and kind friend... he doesn't have the courage to make an excuse for her and leave...

At the same time, he doesn't have the courage to say the real problem, Rosie would be completely understanding, obviously, but what a shame to admit weakness...

Rosie just like that then starts dragging Alastor to her house, before she knows it he is already there with her in the Cannibal Twon.

Rosie basically throws him into the house and closes the door without even asking if he wants to come in.

Then she looked at him with a frightening look.

- Baby...

Rosie says with a huge smile.

- ... Yes dear?...

Alastor retorts, a bead of sweat on his forehead afraid of what she would say.

- Did you happen to... had an accident?

Alastor's face froze, he didn't know what to say, was the stain noticeable? did she smell it? GOD WHERE HE'S GOING TO PUT HIS FACE NOW!?

- Oh don't be like that dear, it's normal, everyone has suffered from this regardless of age!

Rosie approaches Alastor and puts her hand on his shoulder, passing her inner arm through him.

- It's a normal problem, hell makes people have problems sometimes, it's normal-

Rosie then pays attention to Alastor's face, he was flushed, shaking, and with one ear completely lowered.

This is the first time Rosie and Alastor have been so vulnerable... It's strange even for her.

- Alastor my dear... you?-

Simple Alastor bends over slightly placing one of his hands on his crotch and looking down completely red with now both ears lowered.

- M-me

I-I'm sorry Rosie...

Rosie is surprised by the tone of Alastor's voice, he seems so vulnerable...

- Is that...

Vox's damn cameras! They kept bot-thering me the WHOLE day! I couldn't even think about g-going... I-I'm so sorry Rosie... I didn't mean t-to...

- GO.

- uh...

W-what?

- In the bathroom, there's one at the end of the hall, you know.

Rosie pushes Alastor into the bathroom and throws him there and closes the door, then turns around and goes to the living room sofa to sit down.

Rosie stands there, not moving until Alastor returns and is at her side.

- ...

U-uh...

So, Rosie-

- Never do that again.

- Uh? Do what?

- Let Vox leave you in this state, DO YOU KNOW HOW ATTRACTIVE YOU ARE, VULNERABLE LIKE THAT!?

I WAS ABOUT TO ATTACK YOU!

- ROSIE WHAT ARE YOU-

- DO YOU KNOW HOW MANY PEOPLE WOULD PAY TO SEE YOU LIKE THIS!? DON’T LET THEM EVER SEE YOU IN THIS STATE AGAIN!

YOU'R ASSEXUALITY CANNOT DEAL WITH IT!!!

- WHAT IS ASSEXUALITY!?

