This damn show! (Nightmare)

Author: Yakimaki05

*000*2024-01-24 21:44

Nightmare was calmly drinking tea in his chair in his room.

Living another normal and calm day in his life, Killer had called him to go to a show that starts in an hour, Nightmare was relaxing before it started, but...

Oh god...

He should have read the tea label before preparing it...

Nightmare was looking at the walls of his room thinking about his current life, and how he couldn't let any of his subordinates find out about the "shameful" things he does...

Of course, these things were just normal needs, eating, sleeping, going to the bathroom...

All things he doesn't mind letting his companions know he needs to do, they think he is like a god, flawless and scary.

Normally when he eats it's just monster food that doesn't cause any side effects, but even so he almost never allows himself to eat in front of any of them, the few exceptions are when he wants to show that he CAN not that he NEEDS.

Unfortunately for him, human teas are thousands of times better than monster teas, however, as a consequence you need to use the bathroom after drinking them, which wasn't exactly a problem because these side effects took a long time to appear.

Nightmare then decides to look at the tea packaging, he decided to buy a different flavor today, for a change from your normal routine, big mistake...

Horsetail tea, An herbal tea that tasted incredibly good, he read the entire label, he was bored, until you get to the "diuretic effects" part, diuretic effects? what is a diuretic?

Nightmare wondered and then put down the box and searched on his cell phone.

He sweats cold, he should have read it before buying...

He put down the now empty cup and I started frantically looking for how long it would take to take effect.

1 hour.

Ok ok, just don't look suspicious until one hour, and when that takes effect, go discreetly to the bathroom...

It's easy, it's not like anything is going to stop him-

Killer opens the door to his room smiling.

- Ready for the show!?

- Uh?

What... show?...

Killer's smile soon changes to an upset face, he snorts and looks irritated.

- To the show you promised to take me to today?

Damn, it's in half an hour!

Oh no, how could he forget?

If he denies it now after saying he was going because Killer was very insistent it would sound suspicious...

- Oh-

@@this show...

- YEAH! "THIS SHOW"

You promised to go so go!

You never break a promise, do you?...

Nightmare swallows hard, he couldn't deny it now, well at most the show would last about 4 hours?

It can't be that bad, right?

He warms it up, he already held it for more longer

A little diuretic wouldn't be enough to break him.

An hour and a half later

He was wrong, this diuretic is just to much...

Flashing lights, music playing loudly, various monsters and humans dancing while the night was dark and cold, and he couldn't get out of his head how much he needs to go, He discreetly places one of his tentacles attached to his foot to stop him from jumping in despair and not seem so obvious, while sometimes crossing his legs to be able to hold on better.

Killer insisted on staying by his side the entire time, he seemed to be having so much fun...

@@unfortunately for Nightmare with him by his side it was even harder to twitch discreetly, if any other monster or human saw him he could just pretend he was crazy, but if Killer saw him...

He tries to distract himself by focusing on the show, but every movement the singer makes, opening her legs, reminds him that he can't do that or it won't leak.

The surrounding monsters piled more on top of Nightmare and Killer, making Nightmare instinctively put a hand in front of his crotch to keep from leaking, but when he realized this it was already too late.

If he removed his hand Killer would realize, not like he could actually remove his hand, there were so many people together in the same place that he got stuck in the position he was in.

It shakes with every very loud sound that the sound box makes, it was unbearable, he will NEVER take things with diuretics again...

2 hours later

He can't take it anymore, he feels like his ectoplasmic bladder is going to leak at any moment and he won't be able to stop, and the show seems to only be halfway through, at least he managed to get his hand off his crotch, but even so, people keep crowding in and touching him, this only makes everything worse.

He looks around desperately trying to find a way out, maybe he can get away from Killer?

But what would he say? "I was dragged by this crowd and got lost, I spent a long time trying to find you again"...

Hey thats can works-

His thought is cut off by Killer pulling his arm and dragging him somewhere, when he realizes they've left the crowd and the music seems quieter because they're far away.

He looks at Killer confused.

- Hey, why did you leave there?

- More importantly, why are you so weird?

Nightmare freezes for a second, he noticed...

- You're not paying attention to the music, well complaining about nothing, we were almost getting trampled by those freaks and you weren't doing anything!

- Uh...

W-well uh...

Nightmare is left searching for an answer to the question, but the fact that he has been standing so long is driving his bladder crazy, he squirms slightly, changing your weight in the position of your feet trying to be discreet.

- Why are you acting weird like that?

DAMN KILLER WHY DO YOU ONLY NOTICE THE THINGS YOU SHOULD NOT NOTICE!?

- It even seems like you...

Oh, wait...

No, no ,no, no, no, no, no, no-

- You need pee?

NOOOOOOOOOOO, he found out-

- W-what?

Of course not Killer, I don't need to do those...

He shifts his body weight to the side again.

- Things...

- ...

I don't believe you.

Killer then pulls Nightmare back to a remote location from the show, a huge part of the show mainly from there.

- Chemical toilets are disgusting, I'll wait for you on the other side.

He spoke and went to the other side of the wall.

Nightmare tries to protest but when he sees that Killer is already gone, he jumps in pain with a pang in his bladder.

He reluctantly looks at the farthest part of the wall and goes there, mentally cursing himself for it and pulling down his shorts.

When he finally managed to relieve himself, he held back a lot not to moan, it felt so good...

@@finally after hours of despair and annoying people on top of him making everything worse, sweet relief...

@@t

@@he flow stream hitting against the wall and going down to the floor making a small puddle, being able to hear that sound without having to hold back is just so good...

He finishes in about 45 or 50 seconds if he puts his shorts back on, takes a deep breath and slowly goes to the other part of the wall and sees Killer leaning against him, looking oblivious to everything.

- Hey...

- Uh?

Ow, Boss, you'r here, I thought it would take longer.

- Uh...

Killer looks at Nightmare and laughs a little.

- So, you also need to pee like everyone else, right?

- IF YOU TELL ANYONE I'LL BREAK YOUR NECK AND THEN KILL MYSELF!

- Ow, ow calm down boss, I'm just saying, there must be a reason why I was so desperate today, and I actually thought it was fun...

So... if you want to keep this secret for more longer, promise me you'll let me play with it sometimes?...

Nightmare swallows hard, his dignity was at risk here.

- ...

@@urh...

@@fine...

