Sisters in Piss

Author: yaku25

*000*2021-01-16 12:00

Hi guys

I’m have been lurking long enough! This is my very first story and post on this site. Please note that English is not my native language and therefore the grammar may be faulty or unusual at times… I’d welcome feedback very very much and let me know if you would like me to continue writing.

Sisters in Piss 1: Piss-Alley

Selina got up as soon as the bell rang and darted towards the exit of the classroom. She felt the eyes of her male classmates following her while she crossed the room. They had good reason to: She was a beauty and had that particular style that caused people to be fascinated by her. Selina had a rather small and slim frame with a nicely shaped butt and a very cute set of tits which made the boys drool. She was, as always, clothed all in black: knee high boots, tight pencil skirt and a tank top. Her black hair fell over her right collarbone and her arms were covered in tattoos. She had green eyes surrounded by thick black eyeliner and smoky eyeshadow. Her lips were colored in a dark shade as well.

She ignored the looks of her classmates. Usually, she enjoyed being checked out, especially by boys. Even though she wasn’t interested in men at all. But right now, she couldn’t enjoy the general admiration she got. Her mind was on something else, something much more urgent and literally pressing.

Once outside the classroom she slammed her thighs together for a second. One hand pressed on her crotch. She quickly recovered from her moment of weakness and straightened up, as the hallway began to fill with other college students. With determination in each step, she began walking towards the side entrance which was unfortunately the furthest one away. But on the bright side, there were no students in that hallway, so she could grip her crotch again. Selina pressed the fabric of her tight skirt hard onto her pussy, almost clenching it through the fabric. It was unbelievable how badly she needed to pee. Her bladder was so full she didn’t even have that sloshing sensation anymore, it just felt rock hard and stretched. She began panting as her panic began to rise. Could she make it? Would she fail to hold on this time? Today her chances didn’t seem to look nearly as good as last Friday. She tried to calm her mind and ease her panic by thinking about today’s liquid intake.

@@Her day had begun with a long morning pee which she very much needed as she had decided not to go before bed last night. For breakfast she had a glass of water and 2 cups of black coffee. During her first break she had emptied and refilled her water bottle which added a liter to the total intake. She just had two or three sips of her bottle in her last class of the morning but a whole 500ml bottle of coke during lunch itself. She remembered that she already had quite an urge then but nothing compared to the state she was in now. Her afternoon lesson was rather boring so to spice things up she had chugged down the rest of her water bottle well aware of the consequences. She had known that after said class she would get to pee and was confident that she would manage. Now her confidence was shaken. But doing the exact same thing every Friday would be boring, wouldn’t it? She had underestimated the challenge this additional water would impose. But she had to make it, just like (almost) every time before.

Selina continued her walk down the hallway. She could feel her burning hot pee pressing against her pee-hole, almost hearing it beg to be let out. While she had been sitting in the classroom her legs were crossed and she was very uncomfortable. Her bladder was painfully full but she had felt rather calm. The second the bell had rung at 2.30pm she had jumped to her feet. And that was the exact moment when her current situation had begun. Standing up had caused the pain to subside but it had also immediately been replaced by incredible desperation and urgency. She knew her chance to pee would come in just minutes and that knowledge made matters much much worse. She had to stop walking down the hallway and press her legs together. That second, she almost began to cry, it was extraordinarily bad today. In a desperate attempt to contain the copious amount of piss inside of her she lifted one leg and doubled over. While she was in that awkward pee dance pose, another girl caught up to her.

@@It was Selina’s girlfriend Angelina. She was very good looking too, even more so in Selina’s eyes. Angelina had shoulder length red hair which was exceptionally straight, bright red lips and piercing blue eyes. She was wearing a white crop top which displayed her huge breasts nicely. Her legs were covered in stocking socks which ended just beneath ripped, faded and very tight jean hot pants. On her feet she was wearing red converse sneakers. Angelina smiled at Selina, gave her a quick kiss on the cheek and together they walked towards the exit. Selina couldn’t help notice that Angelina had that weird walk like she always did when she had been needing to pee for a long time. It resembled the waddle of a pregnant woman, small quick steps but with her legs close together. Her usually flat belly sported a prominent bulge. Selina forgot for a second about her own need as she admired in awe that large, sexy bulge her girlfriend carried towards the door. Angelina had stuck one thumb in the waistband of hot pants and pulled them away from her distorted belly as much as she could, which was not a lot at all. Selina forced herself to stop staring and immediately grimaced as another wave of desperation hit her: “Oh thank god you’re here, I don’t know what I had done if had to wait for you again. I’m about to burst here.” “Tell me about it babe, my bladders feels like it’s about to pop. You’re in for a real gusher.” Angelina’s face was pained and Selina was literally shaking as they made for the exit.

@@With quick steps they hurried towards their usual spot, a well-hidden, narrow maintenance alley between two of the school buildings. The second Selina turned into the alley she stuck her hand under her tight skirt and gripped her black lace panties. While walking she yanked them down, stepped out of them and hastily stuffed them into her purse. “Quick Angie, I gotta go so fricking bad!” she exclaimed in a begging voice. “Geez Sel, you know I can’t walk that fast when I am THAT full” she replied while pointing at her bulge which stretched the front of her crop top. In the meantime, Selina had arrived at their niche, a 2m wide gap between two dumpsters. She tossed her purse onto one of them and pulled up the front of her skirt facing the wall. “Angie I’m begging you, hurry! I have to piss!”, she said in a now shaking voice and slamming her knees and thighs together while one hand tightly grabbed her pussy. Angelina arrived in the gap next to Selina, now also with one hand between her legs. With great difficulty she opened the button of her hot pants who sat even tighter than usual because of her extended bladder. While fumbling with the button, she doubled over twice in the process.

Selina was in a half squat, now both hands clenching her aching pussy, her weight shifting from one foot to the other. “Pleeeease, im gonna burst!”, she said to Angelina with clenched teeth and eyes floating in desperation. She was in a state of pure urgency. A primal urge, that absolute vital need where she didn’t care about anything else than just being able to go. Every last bit of discipline and willpower was focused on her sphincter and her hand keeping her bare pussy shut. The sheer crazed signal of need her bladder was sending made her wince in panic and despair. Angelina wasn’t listening to Selina, now that the button was undone her own desperation had worsened tenfold. She ripped her zipper down, pulled the fly wide apart while pulling her white lace thong to the side and exposing her vagina in one swift motion. She was breathing very heavy as she muttered with her last force: “Now.”

In an incredibly explosive and swift motion Selina rose from her half squat removing her hands from her pussy. She thrust her hips forward, now standing with stretched legs, yanked up skirt and bare slit facing the wall. She had let go even before she had reached the complete upright position and started pissing full force the very instant, she was standing. Her arch of clear white pee hit the wall with force, empowered by the momentum of her hip thrust motion into the standing position. She moaned softly, her mouth slightly open and her eyes closed in pure bliss. It felt orgasmicly good and she enjoyed how incredibly full her bladder still was. Her pee, still aching to come out felt burning hot on her pee-hole. Her stream was hitting the wall with a steady continuity and even pressure.

@@Angelina had just with her last force given the go as her flood gates broke. She began to pee at exactly the same moment as Selina. Her legs wide apart, also in a standing position she let go through the opened front of her hot pants. She didn’t wet the fabric but her pussy was trembling from ecstasy and the sheer pressure of boiling piss. She thrust her head backwards, her mouth wide open and her eyes half closed. Her moan was silent but she stuttered: “Oh fuck! Oh my god yes.”, under her breath. Unlike Selina’s, Angelina’s stream was not steady at all. It was like a tub turned on full force, splashing against the wall not in an arch, but more like a straight jet. After a couple of seconds, the force lessened and her stream sprayed the wall like a garden hose. Then came another gush where her clear piss shot out of her again like a pressure washer. This torrent lasting much longer than the first wave. Gush after gush her bulge began to deflate. Her sneakers and tights were being sprinkled by small droplets but she didn’t care, her relief was just too great.

@@Selina had completely forgotten her surroundings; it was just her and her glorious piss. Slowly she could feel her bladder deflate and came to the point where she would normally feel comfortable but her steady stream just went on, still in dire need. It was about a minute after she had begun peeing where she reawoke from her trance. She was brought back to reality when Angelina let go a long sigh. Angelina squeezed out a last long and hard spurt as she finished, finally feeling empty again and her whole body fully relieved. She grinned and stepped out of her wide stance, now standing in the huge puddle which had spread through the hole 2m gap and mixed with Selina’s piss. The large puddle of clear white pee began trickling into the middle of the alley and run down a rain drainage. Angelina readjusted her thong, pulled up her zipper and buttoned up her hot pants. She went to her backpack, pulled out a pack of cigarettes and lit one. She then leaned on the dumpster, still standing in the puddle and watched Selina wo was still peeing steadily. “Geez Sel, I have never seen someone who pees as long as you do.” Selina turned her head towards Angelina and smiled: “It’s not my fault that you pee like a sick fucking race horse. But I really had to go, it feels like I’m almost empty but it’s still coming.” They both chuckled. “Yeah, it definitely looks like you needed that. I almost thought you couldn’t wait for me this time.”, Angelina said before taking another pull on her cigarette. “It was an incredibly close call. Once I am in Piss-Alley my brain tricks me and sends all signals to initiate piss-mode.”, Selina replied, the strength of her stream began to lessen slowly.

She continued talking, still peeing and looking at Angelina: “Don’t pretend like you didn’t almost flood yourself too, I saw the bulge that was going on there.” “Yeah…”, Angelina replied while watching her girlfriend and her still ongoing pee “…I was about to ask the professor for a bathroom pass but then I saw your text and forced myself to hold on just a little longer.”

There were about 5 seconds of silence, the only noise was Selina’s pee which was not hitting the wall anymore but directly adding to the puddle she was standing in. Then it finally ended rather abruptly. “Damn Angie your crazy powerpiss totally splashed my boots again, you gotta control yourself there.” Selina said with pretended anger and took her panties out of her purse. She proceeded to wipe the drops on her boots with them and then tossed the panties back in her bag.

@@That moment a third girl rushed into the alley. She was almost running, taking big steps in her wedge booties. The girl had long wavy brown hair, and large golden hoop earrings. Her lips were colored in a brownish red, matching her hazel eyes. She had an average body but rather large hips which looked phenomenal in the dark red tube dress she was wearing. “Hey girls.”, she said breathlessly and thrusted her purse into Selina’s arms. Pulling her dress up she proceeded to squat down between the two dumpsters, her back facing the wall. She had not reached a full squat as she started to pee into Selina’s and Angelina’s puddle. She lifted her head and watched the other girls, smiling with an expression of relief. Angelina was the first to speak: “See Sel, that’s what I meant the other day. I have no idea how you can manage to do this Nancy. The pantyless thing you do all day. When I’m holding and my pussy feels fresh air I start pissing right away.” Nancy was going forcefully and steadily but rather messy, her thick getting thighs splashed with pee. “Oof I needed that.”, she said while spreading her legs a bit wider. “How come?”, asked Selina, “I thought you normally didn’t participate in the Weekend-Celebration-Piss?” “I wasn’t planning to”, Nancy answered, “I had a free period just before lunch and went for coffee with Nick. And I had like 4 cups and needed to go quite bad already. Then… SHIT!” Nancy had begun gesturing wildly while telling her story and had lost balance. Her weight shifted backwards and she just managed to stop her fall with her hand, submerging it in the puddle. Her new pose caused her jet of pee to go straight up in the air. The shock seemed to force more pee to rush out of her pee-hole, showering herself completely and the two other girls’ legs in piss. She quickly got back up in a proper squat. “Fuck. Sorry about that…” “Dammit, Nancy! You’re such a mess!”, scuffed Angelina. “Yeah, I know. I know. Anyways…”, continued Nancy, “…after the coffees he was horny and we went for a quicky. Then I was suuuper late and didn’t got a change to pee before class.” Angelina rolled her eyes. Nancy saw it and exclaimed: “You two cheeky lesbians wouldn’t understand! I like Nick ok!?” “Here”, Selina said and handed her the slightly moist panties from her purse. “Thanks”, Nancy said and began patting her face and bosom dry, still peeing. After another 20 seconds the seemed to be done and got up, taking a deep breath. She wiped her wet hand with Selina’s panties and gave them back to her.

Angelina put out her cigarette and tossed it down the rain drainage. “So, are you girls up for a Max-Capacity-Night later?” “Absolutely!”, answered Nancy looking calm and relieved now. “Of course!”, said Selina with a broad smile.

Angelina nodded: “Right on. I’ll text in the Sisters in Piss chat later for tonight’s rules. How about your place Sel?” “Sure.” They were about to leave as Nancy cursed: “Fuck! Looks like I got some left.” She hiked her dress up again and let out another thick stream of pee, lasting about 5 seconds. This time she didn’t bother squatting down, which caused her to pee over her booties. “I could give you some pointers on how to pee standing up you know…”, Selina said in a suggesting and concerned tone. “Yeah, that might actually be a good idea, let’s get back to that tonight.”

Selina was on the bus home when her phone vibrated. A notification from the SiP chat popped up. She grinned while reading Angelina’s message:

“Tonight 8pm at Sel’s: Max-Capacity-Night. For the rules:

- Empty your bladder until 3pm. (Sel, Nanc and I already did in Piss-Alley😉)

- Make sure to drink 1 liter of water until 6pm and another 500ml until 8

- Bring a sixpack of beer

Looking forward to it! -A

Selina pocketed her phone and took a big sip from her water bottle; tonight, was a going to be a fun night.

*007*2021-02-13 13:46

Thank you all for the awesome feedback! Here is the second part. This chapter serves as an introduction to all the characters; therefore, it isn’t structured like a regular story. Let me know if you enjoyed it and if you want to read more of these characters…

Sisters in Piss 2: Max-Capacity-Night

When Selina got home, she already felt very excited about the coming evening. She prepared three glasses of water on the kitchen counter as a reminder to drink them before 6pm, determined to follow Angelina’s instructions. Then she proceeded to clean up her apartment a bit. Later she went to the store for some groceries. As she was standing in line, she felt the first tingle in her bladder and rubbed her thighs together, this made her realize, that she still had no panties on. Even though she hadn’t worn any for the past two hours the realization made her blush and feel naughty. Back home she emptied the second of her 3 glasses, causing her bladder to send another uncomfortable signal of need. She breathed in and concentrated on the sensation and welcomed the feeling, which made her a little horny.

Just before 6pm she made sure to drink her last glass of water. Now she had 2 hours left to drink another 2 glasses. Indulging in thoughts of the coming evening she filled the two glasses, and in a wave of euphoria quickly chugged them both down. Her belly felt full and so she lied down for a bit and did some homework. Not long after she realized that her focus kept drifting off and she began massaging her bladder. It felt quite full but still relatively soft. Touching it caused another wave of excitement rush through her body. As her mind was now preoccupied with the thought of pee and other lustful things, she abandoned her homework completely.

At 7pm she went for a quick hot shower. She couldn’t help herself and absently played with herself, enjoying her steadily increasing need. Her mind wandered off to the events in Piss-Alley some hours ago. She thought about Angelina’s bulging bladder and Nancy’s hot little accident. Somehow, she managed to restrain herself from getting off to a much-desired orgasm. She left the shower and dressed in a similar outfit as before, all black of course, and then did her make up. She also made sure the put on some fresh black panties.

In the kitchen she prepared a big bowl of salad and fried some eggrolls. She had just placed the platters on the coffee in the couch corner as the doorbell rang. Hastily she got up and went for the door. She realized that her swiftness and eager might have been a bad idea as she had to quickly bend over in a strong wave of desperation.

“Hi”, said Emma in a timid voice as Selina opened the door. Emma was also a slim girl wearing large glasses, her blonde hair tied up to a ponytail. Less curvy than Selina but still sporting aesthetic measurements gave her overall appearance an innocent look. She wore a white buttoned-up shirt which was tucked in skintight blue jeans. “Hey”, said Selina smilingly and pulled her in a hug. She put the beers Emma had brought in the fridge and sat down on the couch next to her. There was a short awkward silence. Emma was the newest member of the group and this was just the third time Selina got to meet her. Selina noticed that Emma’s thighs were close together and she looked rather uneasy. “No need to worry Em, Max-Capacity is much more fun and not as competitive as its sounds, so there is really no need to be afraid.” “Thanks Selina”, said Emma and looked a little less nervous. Selina knew that Emma’s bladder was the weakest of the group and that Bonnie might give her a hard time again.

The bell rang for the second time and this time two girls stood in the door. There was Angelina who tightly embraced Selina squeezing her ass at the same time. And there was Samantha, Angelina’s roommate. Samantha gave Selina a high five and made her way to the fridge to add her beers. Selina noticed that Samantha wore those pink yoga pants again that complimented her very athletic legs and butt. She turned around, slamming the fridge door shut and displayed her very toned belly and sports bra. She grinned at the three other girls with her cute face and at the same time skillfully pinned up her light brown hair with a scrunchy. “So, are you guys ready for tonight? I’m gonna beat my record for sure today, I feel like I could fill a tub already. You are mental Angie to make us drink 1.5 liters and that over the course of 5 hours in advance.” Angelina just grinned guiltily.

They started to eat as Nancy let herself in without ringing. Selina was thankful that she changed her pee drenched tube dress to another of almost the same making. “Hey girls, sorry I’m late again. Missed the bus. Oh! Damn those look tasty.” She said while grabbing an eggroll and letting herself fall clumsily on the couch between Samantha and Emma. Sam grunted:” Nanc! Be careful with that thick ass of yours, you almost made me piss myself there.”

@@Another ten minutes later the bell rang again. They all went silent. Bonnie was always the last one to show up. She was the leader and founder of their group called “Sisters in Piss”. All the girls had a lot of respect for her, because of her natural authority and because she was 25 and therefore the oldest. She stood in the entrance with a small smile on her full red lips. “Good evening Ladies.” She took off her long trench coat and hung it up. Tossing her voluminous glossy brown hair back. Even though Selina was used to the fact that Bonnie loved to make a dramatic entrance she couldn’t suppress a faint gasp. Angelina on the other hand didn’t even try to hide it and remarqued: “Looking good there Bonnie.” It was true, Bonnie had a body to kill for. Large breasts, slim waist and wide hips and long legs which looked even longer in her stiletto heels. She was wearing fishnet tights and glossy black leather hot pants with a zipper that begun underneath the waistband and disappeared between her legs. She was wearing a matching leather balconette bra and a choker around her neck. Selina just thought to herself that this time Bonny really went too far with her outfit. Not that she minded but her outfit remined Selina of a dominatrix. She glanced over to Emma who looked quite pale and intimidated.

Bonnie greeted each of the girls with a soft kiss on the cheek and began handing out the beer bottles she had brought. She raised her bottle and spoke: “I’m looking really forward to tonight’s Max-Capacity-event. And…”, now looking at Emma, “…finally getting a measurement from you love. Alright! Cheers ladies!”

They all took a big sip and helped themselves to the food Selina had prepared. It was a mere 5 minutes later when Samantha exclaimed: “I’m out guys, ready for round two?” She made her way to the fridge getting another six pack. They all quickly emptied their bottles and accepted a second one from Samantha.” “You really are going for the kill today aren’t you Sam?” asked Angelina. “Absolutely! Today I feel a title coming, I’m telling you guys.” Bonnie raised her eyebrow in amusement and asked: “Daring aren’t we today? What are you going for Sam?” “Ummmm, I dunno yet, I just know that I’m super full already but also that there is room for much more.” Samantha said proudly.

Titles were a big part of their small group. There were different categories in which usually the same girl excelled. As an example, Selina was the groups Duration-Queen, she once managed to smash Samantha’s record by almost a full minute. Duration was quite a difficult category and had a lot of rules. For one the stream had to be uninterrupted for the whole pee. That was a tricky thing to do since you had to be very desperate to enable a long flow. At the same time, you had to restrain yourself from peeing full force and keep the stream going steadily at the same time. Sam had currently no title since Selina wrestled it off her, but was eager to claim one for herself.

Nancy was the Holding-Queen. Once she managed to hold her pee for 36 hours after a 2l initial filling and still kept drinking a little over the course of the hold to prevent dehydration. She managed this only, as Sam used to say, because she was too chaotic and simply forgot to pee. Nancy hated to hear Samantha’s teasing; she keeps reassuring everyone that her need had never been greater that during those last hours.

Angelina was obviously the Powerpiss-Queen, no one could compete with her sheer pressure and therefore distance. When she was really desperate that girl could piss like a fireman’s hose. None of the girls could not even remotely compete with her in that area, which made her very unique.

And Bonnie, last but not least, was the groups Capacity-Queen. Even though she never managed to hold it for the same time as Nancy, she always peed the most. That woman could drink insane amounts of liquids, keep them shut in her iron bladder and letting them out in one go.

@@Half an hour had passed since Bonnie’s arrival and they were about to empty their third bottle. Selina sat there with her legs crossed and for the first time tonight she had to press her hand in her crotch. The beers caught up to her very quickly and she began to regret that she had drunk her mandatory 500ml just at the beginning of the 2-hour window. Angelina sat next to her and caressed Selina’s leg lightly. She herself was sitting legs apart and leaned back. The hand not touching Selina was resting on her bulge which was growing once again. Across from them on the other couch sat Nancy who had tucked her legs under her bottom and absently grinded her beer bottle onto her pussy. Next to her sat Emma. She had her legs pressed tightly together and was leaning forward, her elbows pressed on her knees, looking restless and very uncomfortable. Selina felt bad for her, she knew how hard the first couple of meetings were and was also certain that Bonnie wouldn’t let her go before all 6 beers had been emptied. Sam was pacing around in the apartment taking occasional quick sips from her beer, massaging her belly which was not so flat and toned anymore. Bonnie sat with crossed legs but a very relaxed demeanor in her armchair.

The mood in Selina’s apartment became more and more restless as the girls need to pee grew rapidly. At the same time, they became slightly tipsy and the conversation was fluent. They were giggling and having fun. The topics shifted from pee to school, to pee once more, then to boy (and girl) crushes and finally back to pee again.

Sam was kneeling in front of Bonnie, one hand buried deep in her crotch, the other pouring the last drops of her forth beer into her mouth. She burped unladylike and asked Bonnie: “I’m sure you didn’t obey by the rules and drank way more than all of us. Just because you know you can outhold all of us. So how much was it?” Bonnie smirked: “I just skipped my 3pm pee. The last time I went was this morning at 8. I didn’t drink THAT much and just didn’t feel like going at 3. At 5 I popped a diuretic and now here we are.” Sam’s mouth stood wide open: “How the fuck can you do this? Not peeing since morning AND having a diuretic? I fully obeyed by the rules and I’m breaking my neck for a piss here.” A murmur of amazement and approval went through the room.

@@“How about round 5?”, Angelina asked and tried to get up but her hands immediately shot to her bulging bladder, wandered down to her crotch and she bent over in pain. Selina new this suffering expression and got up instead of her girlfriend. She softly whined in pain, as she once more realized how full she was. From now on that stretching feeling of fullness would increase rapidly as her bladder really was full to the brim and had no other choice than ballooning. She had to double over and press her hands on her thighs. She exhaled deeply and made her way to the fridge with rather great difficulty. As she handed out the beers, she remarked that Emma’s hand was trembling really bad and that she had tears in her eyes. Selina gave her a sympathetic smile. They drank in silence as it became apparent that everyone in the room was becoming very desperate, even Bonnie. She had her legs crossed and was leaning forward, her back arched. She glistered slightly from sweat that was forming on her body.

@@Nancy was the first to speak: “Guys I don’t know about you, but I’m in a lot of trouble here. Angie I really don’t think we will all come out of this dry” While she was talking, she hiked up her tube dress and now sat there, naked from the waist down, her hands tightly gripping her pussy. “I totally agree…”, said Selina, “…it’s almost as bad as this afternoon.” Angelina groaned in pain as she sat up:” Yup, the amount really was a bit steep. My bladder is rock hard and it’s getting heavy. Let’s wrap this up soon so I can have my well-earned piss.” She brought the almost full beer bottle to her lips and began chugging until it was empty. All the girls followed her lead. The room went silent as everybody was drinking, the silence only broken by an occasional grunt. They all had their own tough battle to fight but Emma seemed to be in a very bad position. She finished her beer last and put it down on the table. Tears were running down her face and her legs were double twisted her hands balled to fists and she was rocking back and forth. Then her shyness broke: “Please can I pee now. I never never ever had to go this bad before. I need to!” Her voice was trembling and whiny. She looked to Bonnie, who returned the gaze and waited a couple of seconds before answering: “All right, you may go first but…” “Thank you!”, Emma shrieked and jumped up, nestling her belt open “BUT. First you need to drink your last beer and wait another 15 minutes.”, Bonnie said in a serious and commanding tone. Emma went pale and froze. She looked to the others for help, but no one dared to question Bonnie’s authority. “Go and fetch these beers then Em.”, said Sam pacing up and down the room again.

With tiny steps, thighs close together, Emma inched to the fridge. She returned and handed out the bottles, her feet tip tapping restlessly, breathing in short gasps.

Speed was of the essence now. They silently forced their beers down. Nancy was last to finish, not looking any better than Emma now. Only when she finished Bonnie started the 15min timer.

@@It seemed like the time stood still. Selina’s stomach was full of beer, but not nearly as full as her bladder. It felt like there was no way that there was any more room but somehow her bladder felt fuller by the second. Now it was just a race against time. Selina yanked up her skirt like Nancy and stuck her hand into her panties, her middle finger pressing on her trembling pee-hole. She tried to sit completely still, as every tiny move made her need greater. Once again, she found herself confronted with one single task: keeping it in. Her body was working against her, as it wanted, needed, relief. Only Selina’s willpower kept her from completely flooding her couch with what felt like liters of boiling hot piss. To distract herself from giving in to her urge she looked around. Angelina next to her had opened the button of her hotpants, giving her huge bulge some moor room. Selina saw how the waistband of her thong cut deep into her girlfriends enormous ballooned bladder. Nancy who sat across from her was frantic. She sat on the very edge of the couch, both hands clenching her bare pussy, her whole body was moving and shifting desperately to find some sort of comfortable position. Sam had pulled down her yoga pants a couple of centimeters to reduce the tension on her bladder. She was walking in circles around the group, stopping every other step to perform a little pee dance. Even Bonnie looked severely desperate by now. She was covered in sweat and tried to maintain her composure but every muscle of her body was engaged. Her hands were gripping her thighs with such force, that they left red claw marks. And poor, brave Emma had lied down on the couch, her legs pulled all the way up to her chest and her hands between her legs. Her whole body was trembling and her eyes were closes.

Sam suddenly spoke: “Honestly fuck the title, I just want to bloody piss. I am FULL to the brim.” She yanked her yoga pants down in one big pull, ripped her feet out and kicked the pants across the room. Standing there naked from the waist down she continued her pee dance.

“C’mon ladies you are doing great. I’m proud of all of you. We can do it!”, Bonnie said loudly but her voice sounded a little pained. Then, finally the alarm beeped. Emma rose from the couch. Selina got up too and reached under the coffee table and handed her a 2l measuring jar. It was just like some hours before, the movement and the fact that she could finally pee very soon made the pain go away immediately. But at the same time became unimaginably desperate, she needed to pee very very very soon. She felt like she couldn’t wait until it was her turn. Her impatience skyrocketed, it was that sort of impatience when you stand in front of the toilet, mere seconds away from relief but your zipper is stuck. She flung herself back on the couch and resumed the pressure on her aching pee-hole. Every thought focused on her urge.

Emma was hyperventilating, her trembling hands tried to open her jeans but couldn’t, she forced them over her hips with great difficulty and removed them, quickly followed by her red lace panties. She placed the measuring cup on the coffee table and climbed onto it, and placed herself over the cup. All the shyness had fallen off her, it was more than clear that she couldn’t wait another second. She squatted down a little too fast and her thighs slammed on the edge of the measuring cup. Without a millisecond of delay pee poured out of her, her mouth wide open.

“Fuuuuuuck! I can’t! I can’t”, yelled Nancy and snatched herself a measuring cup from underneath the coffee table and jammed it over her pussy, still sitting on the very edge of the couch.

Emma had just peed for 4 seconds as Bonnie shouted: “STOP!” Her command was clearly directed at Nancy, but Emma, not having realized that, cut off her stream immediately causing it to come to an abrupt halt. Everybody froze. All eyes were on Emma’s pussy. Not a single drop had escaped it after Bonny’s shout and Emma had managed to stop her flow the very instant Bonny had closed her mouth.

Selina had never seen something like it. How did Emma manage to cut off her flow despite her incredible desperation? The others seemed to think the same as they all continued to observe Emma’s pussy. Even Nancy seemed to have forgotten that she had thrown the towel. There were 5 full seconds of complete silence where nobody moved, not even Emma who looked at Bonnie with her panicked eyes wide open.

“Go on Em, love.”, Bonnie said softly. Emma’s exhaled and her stream resumed as fast as it had stopped. This time there were no interruptions. Her piss went on and on, she was moaning in pleasure as the measuring cup began to fill. Nancy had got hold of herself again and her hands continued to grip her over eager pussy. Emma peed for about 90 seconds, panting the whole time. With a last dribble her stream came to an end, her body still shaking.

Watching the other girls pee was always the most agonizing part of Max-Capacity-Night for Selina. Even though it was highly arousing for her, the sounds of pee and relief almost drove her over the edge. She needed to piss NOW. It had to come out. Every cell of her body wanted relief and she felt her willpower crumble.

Emma hadn’t got out of her squat completely as Nancy’s flood gates burst. With a loud gush her pee burst out of her. Her messy spray covered the inside of the transparent measuring cup with drops. She threw her head back and grinned as the cup began to fill.

This was too much for Selina. She HAD to go next, there was no way she could hold it any longer than Nancy’s pee, if even that long. She grabbed a cup for herself and stood with her toe tips on the cushions of the couch. Although Nancy was a faster pisser than Emma, her messy spray didn’t seem to end. For Selina it felt like an eternity. She had once more stuck her hand inside her panties and gripped her labia tightly as if forbidding it to let anything out. Her hot pee pressing against her sphincter. She could feel it begin to force itself out, as if not willing to stay enclosed in her overfilled bladder any longer. Finally, Nancy wildly splashing piss came to an end.

Selina didn’t hesitate a second, she pulled her panties to the side and let loose into the cup which she held between her legs. It felt even more amazing than she had imagined. On the one hand she still felt like she was about to burst, full to the brim with burning hot piss which needed to get out, on the other hand there was this amazing feeling of relief. This heavenly sensation of desperation, relief and pleasure all at the same time was what made holding worth it. Her stream went on and on, filling the cup with her clear hot piss. After one minute she hardly had to pee less.

“Noooo! Sel! You take too long, hurry the fuck up. I’m dying here.”, said Sam in a panicked voice but Selina couldn’t hear her, there was just relief. After 2 minutes her desperation subsided but the stream went on steadily. Next to her Angelina spoke in a pained voice: “Nanc please give me hand here. If I move, I’ll explode.”

Selina threw a worried glance at her girlfriend, who seemed to be in agony. She tried to pee faster but it still took her another 40 seconds to finish her blissful pee.

In the meantime, Nancy hat got a 5l bucket from underneath the table and held it in an angle on the edge of the couch between Angelia’s legs. Angelina had let herself glide a couple of centimeters down to the edge of the couch where she forced her hot pants and thong down her legs, grunting in pain.

“I’m all done babe, you can let go”, Selina said hastily placing the now heavy cup on the table and watched Angelina. A gush of pee erupted from Angelina’s pussy with such force that Nancy tumbled and had to brace herself as she caught it with the bucket. It seemed like Angelina couldn’t pee fast enough. She pressed both her hands on der bladder and pushed. It was like she gave birth to a tsunami, like a high-pressure water fall her piss blasted out of her pee hole in a single violently hissing gush. The spectacle lasted merely 20 seconds but Selina knew that Angelina wanted it out of her bladder as fast as humanly possible. While she pressed on her bladder Angelina gave a pained moan lasting almost for the whole duration of her hose like power piss, her torrent so loud one could barely hear her. The gush ended and left Angelina panting and with sweat glistering on her forehead.

“Bloody hell, Angie you are one sick bitch!”, said Sam who had gotten on her knees on the floor, legs apart and holding a cup at the ready. Sam’s pee began with a messy gush like Nancy’s but stabilized itself into an even thick stream lasting almost two full minutes. Her pussy was visibly trembling from ecstasy. She was moaning things like “Oh my god yes!”, “Fuck!” and “Jesus Christ!” for almost the whole duration of the pee. Her muscular thighs were shaking in her kneeling position as her bladder deflated and slimming down back to a sixpack.

@@Now it was Bonnie’s turn. She always went last. In a last act of pride and composure she waited a couple of seconds before getting up. Selina had already placed a measuring cup onto the edge of the table. Bonnie walked towards it and stood before it, her legs apart as she grabbed her zipper and pulled it down slowly, giving just enough room for her labia to peak out. She stemmed her fists her hips and let go. Her stream was aimed perfectly and no drop missed the measuring cup, which was rather impressive as Bonnie was standing on her high heels, not touching her genitals and the coffee table was quite a distance beneath her. Bonnie’s stream of piss was very powerful but even, like a kitchen tap. It was quite the view as the beautiful woman was standing there, glistering in sweat and peeing almost nonchalantly. A matt smile played around her lips as she exhaled through her nose. About 50 seconds into her pee the cup was almost full to the brim. She cut off her flow cunningly, but Selina couldn’t help but notice that it wasn’t as perfectly done as Emma’s halt. Without a word Sam pushed the full measuring cup a dozen centimeters away and placed an empty one exactly there were the other one had stood. Bonnie’s arch resumed with another exhale of relief. After about 10 seconds the pressure became less and less. Another 30 seconds later it died down forcing Bonnie to take a step closer to the table. It ended with a dribble. The cup was half full at that point.

She pulled her zipper up and the other girls got dressed too or readjusted their outfit. For some minutes they talked in wild disarray comparing, boasting and describing their pees. Everyone seemed to be blown away by Emma’s unexpected pinch off and they hugged and congratulated her.

Sam, in the meantime had lined up the cups filled up with clear white pee and noted down the final measurements on her phone. As it was custom for Max-Capacity-Night Selina had brought a bottle of champagne from the fridge and was pouring out.

“Alright girls!”, said Sam in the voice of a talk show host, “let’s get to the scores, in the order of girl pissed: Em you peed 1.2l! Nice one!” Everyone clapped and raised their glass, Emma looked eased and genuinely happy.

Sam went on: “Nanc: 1.7l! Great job, even though I thought you’d piss all over the place again. For Sel: You had 1.7l as well! Beautiful stream as always dear.” Nancy stuck out her tongue towards Sam but seemed very pleased with herself. Selina got up and did a little bow, grinning widely.

“Then our unhinged lunatic firewoman Angie: 2.2l you crazy son of a bitch.” Angelina nodded and said: “Yeah checks out. Thanks again for lending me hand there Nanc, it really felt like my piss-tank was gonna pop for a minute.”

Sam continued: “My humble self managed 1.9l of golden galore. And our untouched Capacity-Queen had an amazing 3.1l piss.” Bonnie just nodded, looking exhausted.

The evening went on while they had their champagne and some even another bottle of beer. Nancy was the first who grabbed Angelina’s empty 5l bucket and went for another pee. Over the course of the evening Emma, Selina and Sam took another go into the bucket too.

Later everyone had left except Angelina. She and Selina were now sitting on the couch, the coffee table in front of them littered with full pee containers. Angelina looked over to Selina and said with a wicked grin: “Bathtub?”

“Bathtub.”, Selina replied.

*009*2021-02-16 13:53

Before I continue writing more chapters for the main story, I wanted to give you some background information about the group and the characters in it. So, I decided to pair up the characters and tell stories of events which happened some time before the first main chapter. As always, I am very open to suggestions, ideas and tips for improvement (storytelling/language…). I hope you enjoy it 😊

Sisters in Piss side stories: Selina and Nancy

16 months before the main story

Selina’s phone rang. She stood up, ignoring the call, well knowing who it was. Grabbing her purse and sports bag she left her apartment and locked the door behind her. A red Prius had pulled up right in front of her apartment building. In the driver’s seat was Nancy, holding a phone to her ear. Selina opened the passenger door and got in. “There you are.”, said Nancy, “Got all your stuff?” Selina smiled and nodded. “According to the nav we have a 6-hour drive before us.”, announced Nancy and pulled back into the street.

They were going to a weekend seminar for college. Nancy, Selina’s classmate, had offered to drive, as she lived close by. Selina hoped the long drive wouldn’t be too awkward as she didn’t know Nancy that well. They only had talked once or twice in class before. But her worries seemed to be unjustified. Nancy was a chatty person and started a conversation about their classes. In a matter of minutes, they were enjoying themselves by ranting about their professors, homework and essays.

At the edge of town Nancy pulled into a drive-through coffee shop: “Let’s get some coffee, it’s awfully early don’t you think?” “Great idea! Can you get me black coffee and maybe a water? And whatever you want. My treat.”, Selina answered. “Thanks! I’ll get you two waters ok? We have a long drive ahead and we shouldn’t make too many pitstops or we will be late.” Selina looked at her puzzled. “Don’t overestimate this piece of shit car. It’s quite slow.”, Nancy added as she saw Selina’s face.

Nancy stopped at the microphone box and ordered: “Hi can we get a XL latte and a XL americano black. Oh and 4 bottles of water please.” At the next window they paid and Nancy reached for the drinks. She handed Selina her 600ml coffee and tossed the water in the backseat. “Its’s all black with you isn’t it?”, remarked Nancy grinningly, glancing over Selina’s outfit.

@@Sipping on their coffees they were driving on the highway as Nancy suddenly asked: “So, do you have a boyfriend?” “Actually Nancy, I uh, I’m lesbian.”, Selina stated. She was quite open about the topic but nervous admitting it in the presence of an attractive woman like Nancy. “Oh, so a girlfriend then?”, Nancy inquired. “Nope.”, Selina responded, “What about you? Do you have a boyfriend I mean?” “Yeah, kind of. I dunno where we are at, it’s quite fresh.”, Nancy retuned in a casual tone. Selina couldn’t help but feel a slightly disappointed, she found Nancy rather appealing. They talked a bit about sexuality and relationships. At one point Nancy wondered: “Who’s your crush in our year?” Selina blushed and admitted shyly: “There is this girl, Angelina…” “No way!”, Nancy’s head spun around so fast that Selina flinched in shock. Nancy grinned:” I know her quite well actually, she’s gay too you know? And single…” Selina’s heart skipped a beat and she blushed even harder. Those were incredibly exciting news. To cover up the sheer awkwardness she took a huge pull on her coffee’s straw, emptying the rest of the cup in one go. Nancy went on:” Yeah, we are in some kind of… uhm club.” Selina looked over to her, eager to learn more. Nancy was looking at the road and quickly added: “But’s it’s a fight club kind of group, I’m not supposed to tell you about it.” With that statement it was clear for Selina that she wouldn’t learn more about the topic.

As the drive went on, Selina’s mouth had become dry from all the coffee she had. Back at home she already had chugged two cups to wake up and a tall glass of water to replenish the liquid lost during the night. Now she felt the first signals of fullness from her bladder region. But didn’t worry too much about it as she had a big bladder…

They were on the road for 4 hours now and Selina became more and more shifty. Her bladder felt full and uncomfortable now. Occasional glances to Nancy told her that the driver was also in need. It was not surprising, after the sun had risen it had become warmer and warmer in the car and not even 3 hours on the road, they had both emptied their 2 water bottles. Not having to pee that bad back then, Selina had offered Nancy one of the two water bottles from her purse which she had packed back home. They were now sipping on said bottles and Selina began to regret drinking so much on a road trip. She began asking herself if Nancy would propose to stop soon, she herself hadn’t worked up the courage yet.

As the fifth hour began Selina was in serious trouble. Her legs were crossed and her bladder was rock hard, her abdomen felt warm and stretched. She seriously doubted that she could hold it until they arrived at their destination. Panic and anxiety began to rise as she was trying to come up with a way to ask Nancy to stop. She regretted not having asked sooner as she realized they had to stop very soon and Nancy might not agree to it. At this point she adjusted her position every couple of minutes, trying not to think of the flood building up in her bladder. The next rest stop could be kilometers away and she hadn’t even asked to stop yet.

Nancy interrupted Selina’s silent suffering and daydream about relief:” Fuck, I have to pee reeeeally bad. How about you?” Selina immediately felt stupid, why hadn’t she just asked?! After 5 hours it wasn’t that unnatural wanting to pee. With some relief in her voice, she admitted: “Yes I have to go quite badly too.” Nancy followed up: “I’m surprised you haven’t asked sooner; sorry I haven’t thought about it, I was too focused on driving. But apparently, I’m not the only one with a big bladder in here. I’ll stop at the next exit.” These words were bliss and poison at the same time for Selina’s ears. On one hand she couldn’t help but feel aroused, knowing that Nancy had to pee really bad too but on the other hand knowing that relief was around the corner made her twice as desperate.

Having planned a well needed pee break all shyness seemed to have been left behind. Nancy now openly grabbed herself through her tube dress and Selina had no other choice than to copy the crotch hold. Nancy grunted in a distressed voice: “Now that I know that we are stopping I have to go way worse. I’m full to the brim. I hope I can make it. It’s really bad.” Selina agreed: “Yeah I should have said something sooner, I’m in big trouble too.”

Secretly Selina really enjoyed their current situation. She had always had a kink for pee. Having a full bladder and releasing huge amounts of golden hot pee in streams that went on for ages were her most arousing fantasies. It was one of her most intimate secrets and she never had someone to share it with before. She was imagining to pee in a stall next to Nancy, maybe even share a handicapped bathroom and see and hear her release her desperate piss. As that scenario was rather unlikely, she tried to savour this moment of holding with her. But enjoying it became harder and harder by the minute since she had to go so very bad that it hurt.

“What the fuck is that!?!?”, Nancy suddenly exclaimed. She had to step on the brakes quite abruptly, making Selina’s piss filled bladder slosh, the seatbelt cutting deep into her lower belly, both girls grunting in pain. They had drove into a traffic jam onto the highway. “No, no, no this can’t be happening!”, Nancy begged anxiously, speaking out loud what Selina was thinking. They sat there, with their bursting bladders, not knowing what to do. For some minutes Selina thought about getting out and peeing in the bushes next to the highway. She saw no other option anymore, she just had to let it out. But then the cars started moving, really slowly in walking pace but moving steadily.

They inched up the highway for almost 15min as the que moved into a tunnel. Selina was on the edge of pissing herself. Somehow, she always feet like she had never had to pee more badly before in her life when she was really desperate, even though Selina was desperate quite often. But this time it might even were true, she had to go like never before and there was literally no possibility to pee. What was she going to do? She had no other choice than to try holding on and somehow keep her copious amounts of boiling piss inside of her already overfilled bladder.

@@“Selina, I need to piss now. I just fucking can’t hold it anymore.”, Nancy suddenly announced with a panicked look on her face. “I now. Me too.”, Selina said softly, trying to hide her panic. “No, I mean it! I need to fucking piss NOW.” Nancy snatched her 600ml coffee cup out of the cup holder and tried to open the lid. “Shit!”, she had dropped the cup and her hand shot back to her crotch. “Please, I need your help. You will have to hold it while I drive, I can’t do both.” Selina went beet red: “R-really?” “Jesus yes! Hurry!” Nancy looked completely serious so Selina picked up the cup and got rid of the lid and straw. Nancy lifted her bottom and yanked up her dress. Selina blushed even harder when she saw that Nancy wasn’t wearing any panties. She got a short look on Nancy’s cleanly shaved vagina before it was covered by her hand, gripping her slit tightly. “What the fuck are you waiting for!” Nancy yelled. Selina leaned over the cup in her outstretched arm. Nancy quickly glanced down, removed her hand, slid to the edge of the seat and spread her legs wide enough for Selina to lower the cup in-between them.

@@Nancy’s piss immediately splashed into the cup. Selina’s hand trembled from arousal and she could feel her heart hammer inside her chest. She squeezed her thighs together as seeing Nancy pee made herself want to go so much more. The stream was messy, drops covered the inside of the cup and some splashed onto Selina’s hand. It was almost too much for her, she felt herself getting wet but not from pee and had to use her second hand to grip her own pussy, squeezing her labia tightly through the skirt and panties. Arousal and desperation both at its peak. Selina watched in awe as Nancy’s nipples hardened and poked through the fabric of her dress, apparently, she wasn’t wearing any underwear at all. Nancy was moaning while her clear white pee sprayed from her slit into the cup. It took just a couple of seconds until the cup was 2/3 full and Selina felt how hot her pee was just from holding the container. She couldn’t help but feel jealous, she needed relief too! And very very badly so. Seeing and hearing Nancy going was almost too much for her.

The cup was getting fuller and fuller by the second but Nancy was too distracted from relief and driving to notice it. “Stop”, Selina yelled. There were two reasons, first the cup was almost overflowing and she had just let go a spurt into her own panties. She had to go NOW, there was no more delaying it. She could feel the wetness spreading in her crotch. “Shit! Shit! Shit!”, Nancy shouted and cut of the flow, having needed 2 attempts to stop it as after the first another gush splashed into the full cup. “Quickly! Get the other cup!!!” Selina carefully placed the cup into the cup holder which was difficult as her legs were restlessly stomping on the floor from desperation. “Faster!” Nancy yelled, her thighs slamming open and closed in short intervals. Selina fumbled with lid of the second coffee cup, her hands shaking.

@@For a split-second Selina hesitated but then saw no other way. She lifted her ass from the seat, hiked her skirt up, ripped the panties to the side and jammed the cup over her own pussy. Heavenly relief spread through her body as she let go. It felt overwhelmingly good that her mind seemed to exit her body making room for more of that amazing feeling. Her pee hole was hurting from ecstasy, she wished she could pee faster, ending that torment of ungodly desperation even while peeing but at the same time she wished it would never stop. Nancy looked at her with her eyes wide open: “Selina I… Selina I can’t hold it please!” In the corner of her eye, Selina saw a spray of piss shoot out of Nancy, showering her thighs, feet, pedals and car floor with piss. The spray stopped and just a moment later gushed out again in a two second burst. Nancy was apparently trying her hardest to stop but simply couldn’t. Selina clenched her sphincter and groaned in pain, she needed to let out so much more but felt guilty. She transferred the half full cup back to Nancy’s pussy which immediately resumed its spray. Selina had to hold her breath, if only Nancy would hurry. Her stream was thick and powerful but the few seconds it took to fill the cup felt like hours to Selina. “Nancy its full!” Selina managed to brabble, trying so hard to keep her still full bladder shut. “But there is so much more!”, Nancy exclaimed with desperation in her voice. This time Nancy overfilled the cup before she could stop her piss, the hot liquid dripping over Selina’s hand and onto the seat. She quickly put down the cup and without hesitation grabbed a water bottle, clumsily unscrewing the top with her wet hand. As soon as the cap fell on the floor, she placed the bottle close to her own peephole and resumed where she had left off. This time Nancy managed to keep her pee inside, physically blocking her pee hole with one hand, the other on the steering wheel. Selina was in her own dreamy existence of relief once again. Feeling the bottle getting heavier with her clear hot piss. Her even stream began filling it more and more. Selina still felt full and desperate and knew that the 500ml bottle would never hold the full content of her bladder. It took about 45 seconds until the bottle was full to the brim and Selina had to stop the flow but couldn’t. She tried to stem it with her hand, squeezing her pussy as hard as she could, but it just forced its way through her trembling fingers. After 5 seconds she finally managed to regain control. Her breathing was very fast and she wished nothing more than to continue peeing. “Grab me a bottle too, I still have to go like crazy!”, demanded Nancy. Selina was torn, she desired to keep going so much but didn’t want Nancy to ruin her car. So, she screwed another bottle open and carefully placed it over Nancy’s pee hole which was quite the task since Nancy wouldn’t sit still. Before Selina was ready Nancy sprayed her messy stream over Selina’s hand again. She aimed the opening onto the stream and caught most of it, some drops still splashing her hand and Nancy’s thighs. Nancy exhaled as the bottle began to fill. Once more it was painful for Selina to watch but luckily, she was distracted from her need by focusing on catching Nancy’s pee. In a matter of 30 second the bottle was full too and Selina gave another waring shout. “Fuck I’m still not done!”, Nancy wailed. But Selina was already screwing the cap back on and then tossing the full bottle on the backseat, grabbing another empty one. She opened it and jammed it between her legs, this time without hesitation and guilt. Her impatience was too great and she began peeing before she had found her pee hole. A minute went by. A minute of the most amazing feeling of relief. Steadily the bottle filled and her desperation decreased. As the bottle was half full, she was at the point where she didn’t feel like needing to pee anymore but the stream went on and on. Once again, she had to cut off her flow as the bottle was getting alarmingly ful

@@l. She wished she could finish and empty her bladder completely but she felt so much better and knew that it was Nancy’s turn now. “Do me again! I still have to go.”, Nancy said with clenched teeth. Selina had already reached for the fourth bottle and aimed the opening between Nancy’s legs. Immediately her stream messily went on as if there had been no interruption. “Thanks. Bloody hell is it ever gonna stop? Geez what a mess.” Her spray lessened and Nancy took a couple of deep breaths: “This felt sooo good. I was legit about to piss myself…” A last dribble concluded her pee and left the bottle full with about 400ml of clear liquid. Selina switched the bottle over to herself and topped it off with her own pee. She felt that she had some more left but decided to leave it be, as there were no more empty bottles, the other ones had some water left in them. Her whole body sagged into the seat with relaxation and joy, this had been a real rollercoaster of relief and desperation.

There was a silence for about 5 seconds. They both sat there, genitals exposed and breathing heavily, suddenly they burst into laughter. “What an adventure!”, Nancy stated grinningly, observing the damage done to her car, legs and dress. “Yeah…..,”, Selina said, looking around in the car, full bottles and cups everywhere, “…let me grab some tissues.”

They cleaned up as much as they could while driving and Selina remarqued: “We might want to change at the next rest stop.” “Sounds like a plan.”, said Nancy who was still quite wet. The whole car smelled of pee.

“You enjoyed that as much as I did, didn’t you?”, Nancy asked out of the blue. Turning red for the third time this day Selina admitted: “I kinda did…”

“Well then, let me tell you about our “fight club”...”

*014*2021-03-28 12:03

{{20 hours ago, SpaceWonderer said:

Unfortunately it looks like creator hasn't visited this site for over a month... but any chance it can be continues? @yaku25

}}

Yes, i'm planning to continue the story, so it's not dead yet😉. The next side story was halfway done when i had to stop writing.

I have some personal stuff i need to figure out before i can continue writing though...

Thank you, your comment gave me some motivation, i hope i can get to it soon!

*015*2023-09-10 06:10

Hello dear readers

After literal years, I managed to finish a next side story. Currently I’m having English lessons again in my further professional training. So, I thought I could use the writing refresh exercise 😉 Without promising anything, I hope being able to continue this story! Let me know what you think of the chapter.

###

Sisters in Piss side stories: Angelina and Samantha

19 months before the main story

Samantha, Sam for short, was thrilled. Not only did she pass all her exams, but also was she going out to celebrate with a new friend of hers. A friend she had met under rather peculiar circumstances: they shared a common interest and were members in a secret group that was acting out in that interest. Sam had been to just one of the meetings, but felt like she had found a new family. Never in her dreams had she imagined that there were others just like her in her college. They called the group “Sisters in Piss” and that was precisely what it was about: Piss. She could not wait for the next meeting! Unfortunately, there was nothing planned for tonight…

Sam was preoccupied with the choice of her wardrobe. What would Angelina, the girl accompanying her to the celebration party, be wearing? She tried on what felt like a hundred different combinations. In the end, she just went with her usual style: yoga pants. She chose her newest and nicest ones; they were black and quite tight fitting, so tight, that she could not wear any panties or they would be clearly visible. Turning around and admiring her perfect athletic ass and toned muscular things in the mirror, she was sure she had made the right choice. Boys and girls would not be able to avert their gazed. Since both were Sam’s target audience, she was sure she would not pay for any drinks tonight. Then she squeezed herself in a grey v top with thin straps. Neither the top’s cleave or straps covered the pink lace of her bra entirely.

At 8pm she was almost done with her make up, when Angelina rang the doorbell. Opening the door and checking her out, Sam was relieved to see that she was not the only one whoring herself out tonight. Angelina was wearing a golden sequined dress; one shoulder was exposed and the cleavage did not seem to end. The dress was very short and showed a lot of her thick thighs. It all looked stunningly on her and somehow matched her flaming red hair perfectly. Sam was speechless, she had never seen Angelina in such a ladylike wardrobe, usually she was wearing ripped hot pants and crop tops. Apparently, she could do both.

Angelina did not wait until the door was fully open and rushed in and hugged Sam:” Congratulations! I’m so happy for you!” Sam grinned from ear to ear: “Thanks! Congrats to you too! I’m so relieved that the exams are over. Pun not intended. Bladder wise I’m not relieved.” “Nope, me neither, I haven’t gone since 3pm. Its Friday so I went for a good old Weekend-Celebration-Piss with Nanc in Piss-Alley. Shoot I completely forgot to tell, you probably don’t even know what that is… you newbie.”, commented Angelina winking. Sam said annoyed: “Ah damn, I wished I had been there! At 3 I was on my way home and went here, I was quite desperate.” “Oh la la, naughty girl. Tell me more about it but we should get going now, c’mon.”

Each a beer in one hand they walked over to the campus garden party. 20 minutes later they arrived at the park in the middle of the campus. The trees had been decorated with chains of light and loud music was blasting. A huge crowd of college students was gathered there, all in different states of drunkenness.

Sam had so much fun she did not realize how fast the time went by. She had been talking to all kind of people she knew, laughing, celebrating, and drinking. Somehow, she always had a full drink in her hands, her magic yoga pants did their part. Two hours had gone by and she had lost the count of her drinks, it was probably around 4 beers and 2 cocktails but she was too tipsy now to be sure. Angelina was at her side most of the time and seemed to drink even more than herself. Sam looked around and saw not far away a guy pee on a tree. That made her realize that she herself could do with a piss. Her belly was full with drinks and so was her bladder. As it was just passive fullness and not desperation, and she quickly forgot about it.

@@Suddenly a rather good-looking guy she vaguely knew from her PE class, joined their group, carrying a large tray with pints of beer. “Hey guys, it’s time for a chugging contest!”, he cheered. One of the girls said: “Not for me sorry, I can’t drink anymore I have to pee and the buildings are closed.” Sam gulped; the buildings were closed? So, there were no restrooms? Looking around she saw a lot of twisted legs and some people were beginning to leave, mostly girls. She saw quite a lot of guys nonchalantly pissing on trees nearby. She had not expected that. She had planned to stay longer but she was not quite sure if her bladder would allow that. She had been certain that when she absolutely needed to go, the school toilets would be available, and peeing behind a tree in the middle of the park was not really an option either. She was aware of her very above average holding abilities, but then again, she had not peed since 5pm. Her worries were interrupted by Angelina: “Hey Sam c’mon grab a beer. Let’s show these little boys how it’s done.” She shoved a pint into Sam’s hands. The countdown had started before Sam could protest and before she knew it, she was gulping down the beer. The cold liquid forced tears in her eyes and she felt her stomach stretch. Angelina was the first to finish, then two of the guys and then finally Sam was done. She sneakily burped behind her hand and watched the other 4 contestant’s struggle.

The contest was interrupted with laughter as one guy pointed out a girl in a group next to them. Sam looked over to the girl. She had a blonde ponytail and nerdy glasses, a white shirt tucked neatly into her skintight jeans. A wet patch was forming around her butt, expanding rapidly. The poor girl could not stop and the people surrounding her watched, the girls with pitiful looks and the guys bursting in laughter. She covered her face with her hands, thighs pressed together tightly and bending down a bit as if she would be better hidden that way. Her expression a mortified grimace of shame and she just kept on wetting herself. The pee went on for well over a minute. She must have been busting thought Sam, as she now watched the girl storm off. Some of her friends followed her shouting:” Emma! Wait!”

That moment Sam remembered her own need. The beer seemed to have skipped her stomach and kidneys and had gone straight into her bladder. She could feel how alarmingly full she now was and wished she could just go somewhere, but did not want to go home yet.

“You ok there Sam?”, asked Angelina, “You look worried.” Sam leaned closer to her and whispered:” I need to pee. Urgently. Can we go somewhere?” Angelina scratched her chin:” Yeah, I have quite the gusher inside of me as well. Hmmm let me think. We could head to the club on Mayfair Road and continue partying, it’s not that far.” “Great idea, let’s go!”

They said goodbye to the few people left in the park and made their way to the city. Walking was even worse than standing for Sam. With every step she could feel the contents of her bladder sloshing around, weighing heavy on her pee hole. She looked over at Angelina and gasped in shock. Her belly stood out a couple of centimeters. A real bladder bulge! It was hands down the biggest she had ever seen. Angelina caught her gaze and grinned:” Mhm, that’s gonna be one hell of a piss.”

15 minutes later they arrived at the night club. Unfortunately, there was a que to get in. They stood there for almost 20 minutes. Sam could not stand still anymore at this point, by the minute her need seemed to get worse. It was like her kidneys were pumping all the drinks she had consumed into her full bladder even faster than normal. Of course she knew it was a common side effect of alcohol, but reason and common sense were not enough not enough to keep her calm. If only that que would move any faster so she could get in and pee. Angelina next to her stood there, legs close together, her thighs rubbing against each other restlessly. Her bulge seemed to have expanded even further in the past half hour.

Finally, they were at the front of the line and the bouncer let them in. The club was extremely crowded, clearly, they were not the only ones who were celebrating the end of the semester. But partying was not Sam’s primary thought anymore, she stuck her neck out and looked around, searching for the restrooms.

She did not even get a chance to get to find the restrooms, when the first guy approached her, offering to buy her a drink.

The next hour washed away in a blur. The remembered loud house music, a drink in her hand, dancing, rubbing her ass on some guy’s crotch, and then someone bumbling into her rock-hard bladder. The intense pain brought her back.

She looked for Angie and grabbed her at the arm. She leaned to her ear, shouting over the music: “I really really need to piss. I had forgotten about it. Its bad.” Angie looked at her and then down to her swollen bladder and just said: “Oh yeah, me too!”. They steered towards the bathroom and witness the longest line they had ever seen in a night club. There were about 20 desperate girls queuing up. “No way we are gonna wait that out.”, Angie said, “we might as well get another beer, enjoy it 15ish minutes and then bounce.” Sam tried to gauge the time she had left. 15 more minutes, a beer and the walk back seemed like mount Everest to her overfilled bladder. But she did not want to spoil the fun and just nodded, her better judgement clouded by alcohol.

30 minutes later, on the walk home, Sam tried to tell herself, that the additional time they spent there was worth this insane pressure in her bladder. Indeed, the time and dance with Angie had been very intimate, sexy, and fun. But less fun was the state of her bladder, even for a girl who loved holding and had quite the piss fetish. She seriously doubted her ability keep the sheer amount of piss in her bladder for much longer. And Sam was known to be an athlete who always pushed herself to the limit, but now she was dangerously high to the absolute bursting point.

Sam was about to suggest pissing in an alley, but unfortunately the streets were very busy with celebrating students. There was just no chance. Whenever she could, she pressed her hand into her crotch, applying some counterpressure on her aching peehole. She could not help but notice, that Angie’s bulge had expanded even further. The way she walked, with her hand on her rounded lower belly, she looked like a pregnant woman in the early months. Sam could not deny how excited she was, and the thrill of her own desperation furthered that feeling.

Finally, they entered one of the countless apartment buildings on the campus grounds. Angie took the lead. She hurried towards the door at the end of the corridor, clearly labeled as the restroom. Angelina tuned the handle but it was locked and a voice shouted from the inside: “I’m in the shower!”. “Fuck!” Angelina cursed. “What are we going to do, I just can’t wait any longer, I need to let it out”, brabbled Sam in a panicked voice. Her usually happy and bubbly personality had given way to the impression of helplessly desperate girl. A wicked grin shot across Angelina’s face: “I have an idea, come.

Sam, at her wits end, mindlessly followed Angelina down the hall, slightly hunched over in pain. Angelina turned towards the door. With one hand she was fidgeting the key into the hole, with the other hand, she pressed her palm tightly into her crotch. Once the door was open, they quickly stormed inside. At this point, Sam would have given everything just to let some of the pent-up pee out. Her heart sank as she realized there was just one room. She frantically looked around for some kind of jug or pitcher, when she saw it in the corner. To the wall, a single urinal was mounted.

Angelina grabbed Sam’s hand and pulled her towards the urinal and said: “I had it installed, save your questions for later. Let’s piss I it together.” “Angie what… I…” Sam started. She had seen Angelina pee before during her first Sisters in Piss meeting but never had they been alone before. Sam’s heath raced; blood rushed to her face. She had quite a crush on Angelina and the idea of seeing her down below, this close… being THAT full… just the two of them… it made her hearth hammer faster. The even stronger hammering of her bursting bladder let her focus on the matter that was literally much more pressing.

Angelina stepped in front of the urinal, standing slightly diagonally positioned to the left of it, so Sam could join. Sams mind stopped working. With release this close, her urge switched from extremely desperate to uncontrollably-flooding-her-pants-in-2-seconds-desperate.

Sam yanked down her tight yoga pants just enough to expose her pussy. She was not able to think about privacy or decorum. She had no chance to willingly let go, her pussy had taken that decision from her. Clear, white, burning hot pee rushed through her peehole, straight into the urinal. She gasped in relief. Her breath stopped; the sensation was too much to process. For the first 4 seconds she did not realize she was peeing, still in full despair mode, looking for pressure release. Then it set in. It was indescribable, and the arousal from peeing and having to pee so urgently at the same time, tightened every muscle in her body. Her mind tried to process everything: the fact that she stood there, straight up, her yoga pants barely beneath her pussy, peeing into a urinal in Angelinas apartment. Angelina… Then she saw and heard it:

Next to her, Angelina had pulled up her dress and held it out of the splash zone. Very skilled she had slipped her thumb under her panties and held them clear from her pussy with the same hand. Between Angelina’s thick thighs a massive stream had erupted at the same time Sams bladder had given up. The pressure and amount of Angelina’s piss was insane. The clear white roaring torrent filled the urinal faster than it was able to drain. Both streams, wild and tame, mixed in the urinals bowl. The result of liters of fluids and hours of holing.

Sam was so turned on by sight of Angie’s unchallengeable display of piss and the excitement of emptying her own bladder, that she was speechless. Her mouthy slightly open, as her boiling piss forced its way out of her. She looked up to Angelina. Her beautiful eyes were fixed on Sam’s stream, her mouth slightly curled into a smile, biting her lower lip lustful at the same time. Their eyes met and at that moment Sam realized that it all of that was Angie’s plan all along.

All this happened within the first 7 seconds of their pee. And Sam knew how incredibly much she had left and braced herself, willed to cherish every second of this devious, wonderful, and insanely hot plan. But Angelina was not done. With her free hand she slightly tugged down the upper seam of her dress. Her huge breasts dropped out of it, bouncing slightly. They were perfect.

Sam could not control herself any more. The orgasm came so fast and intense, clouding every thought which formed in her racing mind. She felt her pussy contract, explode with sensation, narrowing her pee hole, and sharpening the sheer need in der bladder. The blood rushing through her ears even drowned out Angie’s raging torrent. Time seemed to have stopped, all there ever was, ever had been, was Angelinas and her desperate piss. She peed and peed, her chest heaving with breaths. Her still bladder pressed a strong, thin, and precise jet out of her still tightened up pussy. She could feel the blissful deflation and the relaxation that set in.

Angie’s pee on the other hand was not thin and steady. It was like watching a natural disaster, a higher force; endless, unyielding, and unstoppable. It was raw, primal, like flood waters rushing through a canal. The duration of that spectacle seemed to be out of proportion. The sheer amount was filling up the urinal at an alarming rate. Sam could not believe that Angie’s stream only dwindled down after a full minute. Thankfully not overflowing the urinal in the process.

@@After the first minute the thickness of Sams stream picked up again, but she was nowhere near done. Angie in the meantime pushed out one last spurt. Without any hesitation or delay, and much to Sams surprise, Angelina advanced to the next phase of her plan. She leaned in and kissed Sam passionately. So much happened at the same time: Sam tried to kiss her back, it was all she ever could have wanted, but her bladder also had its goals. She still had a lot of pressing pee inside of her. Also, peeing standing up in a urinal and making out at the same time, were a lot to handle. Angie’s hand grabbed Sams butt and pulled her towards the urinal and herself. Sam could feel Angie huge, soft, naked tits press into her. If that was not enough for poor (or rather lucky) Samantha, Angie’s other hand sealed the deal. It glid down over Sam’s still hard bladder and touched her labia. She could feel Angie’s fingers brush over her clitoris and her peehole. Out of shock, Sam’s stream sputtered for just one second, but it all felt SO good, she could not resist and letting herself go all into this whirlpool of sensations. So she stood there, In a tight embrace with the hottest girls she knew, kissing, pissing and being fingered all at the same time. It took her just 5 more seconds to orgasm again. Without her knowledge (she could not care less at this moment) somehow most of her urine managed to land in the urinal. Finally, what felt like an eternity and no time at all (it had been 90 more seconds of release), her bladder was empty. They both stood there, panting and grinning.

What followed was the was just the beginning of a passionate friends with wet benefits situation.

*017*2023-11-10 17:03

Hey guys

The next chapter is up 😊. This time I divided it into 2 parts. Let me know how you think it will end. Hope you like it!

Sisters in Piss side stories: Bonnie and Emma, The Torturous Tutor part 1

4 weeks before the main story

Emma cursed herself. How did she manage to land in such a situation again! As it sadly happened way too often, she was running late and her bladder was alarmingly full. A bad combination. Even though Emma was into pee holding, the logistics of it paired very badly with a normal student’s life and even worse with Emma’s poor time management. She rushed to the library where she had made an appointment with her new tutor, a senior called Bonnie. As she was 5 minutes late, rushing to the restroom was not an option anymore, even though she badly needed it.

Emma stopped in front of the library, took a deep breath, and checked her reflection in the glass door. Her blonde ponytail, black rimmed glasses suited her white, neatly tucked-in shirt and skintight blue jeans suited the small girl well.

She entered and knew that the next hour would be very uncomfortable for her. Her last pee had been at lunch, where she had just barely made it to the loo. Since then, she had been very busy and had tried to keep up her focus by drinking coffee and vitamin waters. And as so often, she had completely forgotten about her bladder. Suddenly she had felt a pang and a sharp pain, usually a signal that her bladder needed urgent attention. Just as she had gotten up to go pee, the notification on her phone buzzed, reminding her of her appointment with Bonnie.

At this hour, the library was almost empty and it was easy to find Bonnie. She sat at a table and got up as she spotted Emma. Bonnie was tall with long legs, generous curves, and a slim waist. Long glossy brown hair flowed in perfect waves over her shoulders. She wore a shoulder-off buttoned top. Exposing her neck, shoulders, and a lot of her ample breasts. Tight leather pants completed the look. Emma was immediately intimidated. She knew that with that gorgeous woman, there was no slacking off. She radiated an aura of authority and self-consciousness.

“You must be Emma”, Bonnie greeted her with a smile. “And you are late.”, she added in a matter-of-fact voice. Emma apologized, introduced herself and they sat down.

Emma noticed a jug of water with 2 cups and 2 large coffees from the cafeteria. “Help yourself,” Bonnie said, following Emma’s gaze “your coffee is getting cold.”

Emma cursed herself one again. How did she always managed to land herself in such situations. She also cursed her notorious need to make a good impression. As she had been late, she tried so suck it up, thanked Bonnie with a smile and started sipping the coffee. Her bladder protested, she felt it sit full and hard in her abdomen. Emma felt feverishly hot, so taxing was it to hold it in.

They started with Emma’s homework. Emma did an impressive job, considering, that she needed to pee like crazy. But then again, she was often desperate due to her own time management and therefore used to work under pressure (literally).

Before she knew it, 30 minutes had passed. Absent minded she had emptied the 500ml coffee and had washed away the taste with a cup of water. But the longer they went on, the harder it became for Emma to concentrate. The large quantities of caffeinated beverages pumped more and more liquid into her overfull bladder. She thoughts drifted to release, peeing, letting it out and so on. Emma started to become frantic and visibly desperate. She crossed her legs tightly under the table. Her belt cut deep in der hard bladder as she stuck her hand between her thighs to press on her crotch. She was not sure if she would able to hold it in much longer. Bonnie did not seem to notice.

After 5 minutes of internal debate, Emma had gathered her social strength and spoke up: “Hey Bonnie is it ok if I quickly use the loo? I had not had the chance to go before.”

Bonnie raised an eyebrow: “Listen it’s your money and time Emma. But since you were already late I’d power through if I were you.”

“Dammit!”, Emma thought to herself. Phrased like this it would be so embarrassing to go now. But it would also be embarrassing to have another pee incident. A couple of memories flashed before her eyes: she remembered her first year where she had wet herself in her dorm because she was so desperate and her dormmate was showering and blocking the toilet. Another incident was a couple of weeks later, also in her dorm, where she had peed in a plastic container because she was late once again and her dormmates occupied the bathroom. Then at the end of the year, she had absolutely flooded herself at an outdoor party in front of so many other students. And only 3 weeks ago, she had to ask a taxi driver to stop, so she could go pee in the bushes. There were many more such pee related situations. What use was her strong bladder, when the owner was such a poor planner?

Bu today she could not embarrass herself like that again. She would hold it in and fight to the end. “Yeah, you are right, lets continue.”, she said, her voice just slightly shaking.

They continued. Emma’s condition slowly but steadily worsened. She did not know if she could hold it much longer and if so, if she would be able to get up and make it to the toilet dry. There was so much pressure and it needed out. It had been so long!

Emma glanced at her watch every couple of minutes. She nervously shifted on her seat. Her legs tightly crossed and constant pressure on her crotch.

But Bonnie did not stop at the appointed time. She just kept explaining and instructing. Emma was panicky, what could she do!? 10 minutes passed and she was near tears. She was so so desperate and just needed to pee. She just needed to, there was no delaying it, there was no room for being polite. It was a matter of pissing herself or going to the restroom right now. She stood up, groaning in pain: “Bonnie I’m so sorry I need the loo. Very badly.” Bonnie checked her watch and said: “oh I’m sorry, forgot about the time. Before you leave, should we make an appointment for next week?”

Emma was flabbergasted. Was Bonnie intentionally keeping her from the bathroom?! In agony she grabbed her phone and forced herself to open her calendar. Just one more minute she said to herself. She stood there, bouncing, legs crossed. Bonnie observed her: “Oof, looks like you really need to go. If it comforts you, I need to go as well. Let’s fix the date and then we can go to the loo together.”

If Emma would have been able to concentrate at this moment, she would have realized, that Bonnie was cherishing Emma’s condition and manipulating the situation to her advantages. But Emma was fighting the battle of her life. She felt so full, her bladder about to burst. Every movement was painful but she couldn’t stand still. She stood slightly hunched over, desperately trying to find a position where the stress on her bladder was not as intense. But it was hopeless, she was at her limit and her bladder as full as it could get.

They left the library. Emma as a shambling mess, Bonnie relaxed and confident. Every step sent a shock through Emma’s bladder. She could feel the pressure behind her sphincter. With her hand tightly grabbing her crotch she tried to enact some counterpressure. Somehow, she managed to make it to the hallway where a toilet was located. Release was very close, it made her even more restless. She whimpered in pain. Just a little longer. Just a tiny moment longer and she could let go. Please just a little longer, her thoughts raced. Arriving at the bathroom, Emma darted to the door. It was a matter of speed now. She was about to flood herself any second now.

The door was locked.

Emma wanted to scream. No, no, no this could not be happening. Not with relief this close, not while she was about to burst. Why would they lock the bathroom in the evening? “Shit! What are we going to do now!!! Bonnie please help me! I’ll pee myself.”

Bonnie smirked.

