First

Author: youwontseeme

*000*2023-05-14 03:48

It was the morning, and may had just woke up. getting ready for the day, she got changed. she put on her diaper, and her work uniform. now, she went downstairs to make breakfast. she brewed up some coffee, adding a splash of sugar to it. she sipped at the warm mug, not thinking about her consequences. she filled up her water bottle and prepared her bag. then, she was off. she climbed into her car and pulled out of her driveway. currently, her bladder is empty. but not for long. the coffee has started to filter into her bladder. soon, the desperation will hit.

May eventually arrived at her work place and got settled. she sat down and opened her work computer. now, as all the coffee starts to be filtered, she grows the need to use the bathroom. but not to an extreme, just a hint. half a hour goes by and all the coffee has been turned into urine. now she tightened her thighs in a attempt to keep the urine in.

Now, she gets thirsty again. “if i drink more water, i’ll need to pee more. i better not.” now she was thirsty and needed to pee. not being able to take it anymore, she drank some water. she sipped her icy cold water, quenching her thirst. but only adding to the pain in her lower regions. she crossed her legs tightly, not wanting to leak.

She was still thirsty, slowly sipping at the water. she had about 6 hours left of work still, and she knew these were going to be very long hours. she had drank about a quarter of her water bottle, which means now a whole cup of coffee and s few oz of water were in her bladder. trying not to fidget as much, she crossed her legs tighter.

Now a hour had passed, and may was unsure if she would make it. bouncing her legs up and down still trying to relive the strong pain in her bladder. she took another sip of her water. now, she had about 3/4 of her water in her bladder along with the coffee.

