Endless Battle... (Error)

Author: Yakimaki05

*000*2024-01-25 21:05

Error is really an oversight

He spent the whole day wandering around the multiverse drinking human things, even though he knew the consequences of that later.

Tea, coffee, soda, water, juice

And everything you can imagine that possibly tastes sweet

But after all that he went to an AU just to observe the lives of the residents, Ink unfortunately mistook this for an attack on the poor creatures there.

Now Error is fighting his greatest enemy, desperately desperate for a simple bathroom break.

But he would never stop a fight just to say that, it would be humiliating, he should have proclaimed himself better....

- I'LL LEAVE YOU IN PIECES ERROR!

Ink said running with his brush and throwing drops of paint like bomb attacks.

- YOU CAN'T EVEN TOUCH ME YOU IDIOT SQUID!

Error said, dodging the attacks, each sudden movement was a warning that his ectoplasmic bladder was forming and almost full.

- OH YEAH?

LET'S SEE WHO LAUGHES LAST!

Ink then throws ink onto the ground forming a puddle like a black hole.

Error trips and falls into the puddle but holds on to its edge, using almost all his strength to not wet his pants or fall into the hole.

- Hehe, did you trip my man?

Error looks at Ink with a look of "are you serious?" when Ink says "my man".

Ink notices this and is a little embarrassed, they may be mortal enemies but Error certainly knew more things than Ink in this world, and this look of disapproval was uncomfortable to say the least.

- Never say that again.

- Ok, I won't Glitch...

Ink said according to his brush with a shy look with his head down as if he had done something stupid.

Error sigh a little relieved that Ink wouldn't do it again, big mistake, he felt a leak come out of his newly formed dick.

It wasn't enough to leave a stain on his pants, but it was a warning that he couldn't let his guard down.

Error then jumps and kicks Ink, knocking him down and making the black hole disappear with his power clashing.

Error soon rose to his feet creating sharp bridge bones and gasterblasgers ready to fire.

He couldn't be distracted even for a second...

Ink, seeing this, comes to his senses, and jumps up and stands up again.

Preparing for a more violent fight...

One hour later

Ink and Error were already exhausted, sweating and breathing heavily.

Ink was still standing due to sheer perseverance and Error for not accepting losing like this.

Of course his bladder was begging for mercy, but to stop now would be announcing his loss.

Error threw lines to trap Ink while Ink fought back with ink shots trying to form ropes to trap Error.

Both ran from the opponent's attacks, hoping that their attacks would win at some point.

At some point Ink decided that fighting in the sky was a good idea, so he creates several huge bones and jumps on top of them as they rise to be higher up.

Error looks at that and stops, not out of fear of losing or out of shock at the creator's cunning.

But because he doesn't understand the point and thinks it's stupid, he watches Ink going up and feels a twinge in his bladder letting him know that it was finally full.

He lets himself squirm and crouch with his hands on his crotch so he doesn't leak.

He trembles a little thinking that he had little time now and he needed to end this once and for all, otherwise it would be the end of him.

He looks up angrily and gets up, jumping on one of his line swings and climbing up to where Ink is.

- Why did it take so long, friend?

- I was trying to understand why you have such stupid ideas, and guess what, the conclusion was that you are stupid.

Error squirmed a little on the swing, trying to hide it with his speech, but Ink for some reason only pays attention to the unimportant things and noticed this.

- Hey, why are you acting strange?

You are more breathless than normal.

Error laughed and looked at Ink with an ironic face.

- It's because I'm alive and I have a soul, something you wouldn't understand.

Ink looked at Error with a "really? no cool bro" face.

Error just smiled, trying to hide the pain and embarrassment that Ink was causing him to notice his subtle actions.

Ink then attacks him again, and they begin to fight in the lines and but huge bones in the sky.

Both are on edge, of course, Error for a slightly more embarrassing reason...

Every movement was torture, he felt like he was going to leak and he would never be able to look at Ink's face again.

Ink smiled as he was genuinely happy to fight Error, It was fun, at least for him...

A few minutes passed before Error realized that he wouldn't be able to keep it warm for much longer.

Error I started missing more shots and tripping over my own lines more, it was humiliating, but not as much as leaking in front of Ink.

Ink thought Error was just very tired and thought he was finally beating him

Error was almost tearing up, luckily their quick movements didn't let Ink notice that.

After a few more blows, Error felt something coming out of him, a little, but it seemed like it wouldn't stop.

He freezes and then opens a portal for the Ant-Void to say nothing and disappears into it.

Ink stops at one of Error's lines wondering what happened, but then he feels the line unraveling and jumps to one of his bones and just falls into it, fainting from exhaustion.

Error falls to his knees in the Ant-Void, no longer able to contain his bladder, he leaks and cries feeling the liquid come out.

Relief hits him like a stone and he cries, laughing a little, his pants are soaked and a puddle forms around him.

The liquid was sparkling blue, it was hot and came out in jets.

Error cries and laughs feeling relief and shame, feeling like a child having an accident.

After a few seconds, a familiar voice is heard.

- Hey Error, I came to invite you to a Bad Guys meeting that we're going to do in a few minut-

Nightmare pauses in place, seeing Error in a puddle forming, he soon deduces what is happening and feels embarrassed for having arrived at such a delicate moment.

Error turns to him laughing and crying with a smile on his face, the puddle is slowly stopping to grow.

Nightmare blushes at the way Error is acting at this, seeing someone as strong as him in a situation like this was... unusual to say the least.

Nightmare turns away embarrassed, trying not to look, still giving little peeks sometimes, feeling like a pervert for doing this, but he couldn't help it.

That scene was... cute...

