Bursting and Blushing

Author: YourQueen

*000*2019-09-01 23:39

Sophia was stood waiting for her bus. It was 5:10 and it was now over 20 minutes late! She had a date tonight, and already knew she'd be late.

'I'm sorry, the bus is late, can we push back our date to 7.30?' she texted the guy she was supposed to be meeting.

He agreed. Sophia had been dating Simon for around a month at this point, and she was excited to see where it would go.

Another 5 minutes pass and the bus finally arrives. It's full, so Sophia has to stand near the front. It's a warm July evening and she begins to sweat lightly as she's stood crammed between two men trying to maintain her balance. And that wasn't the only thing she was trying to maintain. See, Sophia LOVED holding her pee, and had been holding it since 9am when she peed before leaving for work. She'd had coffee and water throughout the day and was now dying to get home and take a well-needed piss.

Another 15 minutes on the bus and it's the stop before hers. A group of old women begin climbing off of the bus, taking their time. Sophia knew she could hold for an incredibly long time, but being stood on this hot bus was making it more difficult. She crossed her legs and thought of her date with Simon to distract her.

As the bus squeaked into the next stop, Sophia squeezed out on to the street. It was almost 6 pm and she had a 10 minute walk to her house. She was wearing tight leather pants and four inch heels, which made walking with a full bladder even trickier. Her thin chiffon blouse was ruffling in the light breeze and her loosely supported breasts were outlined perfectly, her nipples hard and pointing through the light lace bra they were wrapped in.

Approaching her front door, Sophia made the decision that she'd pee straight away, instead of waiting while she got changed. She unlocked the front door and stepped inside, slipping off her shoes and heading upstairs to the bathroom. To her slight displeasure, she heard the shower running within the bathroom.

"Katie, that you?"

"Yeah, I'm in the shower! Won't be long!"

Sophia, tugging slightly at her crotch with frustration, resigned herself to holding until she had changed. The tight, short red dress she'd picked out for her date hung on the wardrobe. She slipped off her leather pants, sticking slightly in the heat, and threw them into the corner. She slowly unbuttoned her blouse and sat on the bed in her purple lace bra and panties, brushing her hair and admiring her thin figure in the mirror. Sophia had always loved her body, and felt a sense of confidence seeing it naked. Her flat, toned stomach was curved only where her bladder sat, aching and bulging from her body.

Sophia thought back to her first experience holding, 10 years ago when she was 13. She had entered a 'holding competition' with a friend and soon realized the sexual satisfaction she felt feeling her pee hole swell, as well as watching her friend struggle. Since then, she'd made it a regular occurrence not to piss while at work, preferring the orgasmic hiss of relief at the end of the day.

It was 6.45 when Sophia decided to dress. She had been laying on the bed, slowly grazing her covered pussy with one hand while stroking and admiring her body with the other. The shower was still running and so there was no chance for relief just yet.

Slipping on her silky red mini dress, Sophia twitched slightly as she pulled the tight material over her bulging bladder. While she'd always enjoyed holding, she never liked to wet, and preferred to piss before the pain got this bad. She mentally willed Katie out of the bathroom so that she could pee before her date.

7.10 and the shower clicked off. Sophia was just applying a last coat of ruby red lipstick to her perfectly shaped lips, and got up from her dresser to head into the bathroom. But to her dismay, the click and whir of the hairdryer greeted her at the door. She knocked, hoping to ask Katie for a moment in there before her date, but she didn't seem to hear. She thought of knocking harder, of shouting, but felt a slight embarrassment at the risk of Katie knowing her predicament. Katie and Sophia had only met 6 months ago, and Katie had moved in 2 months ago after a breakup with her boyfriend. They were not yet close enough that Sophia felt comfortable admitting her desperation.

At 7.20, the hairdryer still teasing her, her phone rang. Simon was almost there. Sophia's heart skipped a beat, both from excitement and the pain that had just shot through her full bladder. She'd definitely have peed by now if she'd had the chance. She resigned herself to going as soon as they got to the restaurant, just a 10 minute drive away. Willing her bladder to hold on, she bent down and zipped up her knee high black boots, stepping out into the evening chill to meet Simon.

"You look amazing" he said, as he opened the door for her

She leaned in and kissed him, before carefully climbing into the car. She felt her pussy tense as a short dribble tried to escape. She smiled at Simon trying to ignore the feeling, and promised herself just 10 more minutes.

The car ride was tolerable, just a few bumps and almost-leaks to contend with. Simon made conversation and was ever the gentleman, asking Sophia several times why she was so quiet. She played it off to being tired from work, and willed the car to go faster.

Arriving at the restaurant, Sophia was in a state of mental panic. She was BURSTING for a piss and had to go too badly to think straight. As she swung her leg from the car, a short spurt escaped. Quickly slamming her legs together, she checked for a wet patch. Luckily, she didn't seem to mark her dress. She was in desperate need of a bathroom and fast.

Entering the restaurant, Sophia thanked silently that they were seated straight away. She decided to be polite and sit for a moment or two, then excuse herself. A waiter headed over to their table just as she was making her apologies

"I'm just heading to the bathroom" she said with a smile, trying to hide the fact she was gritting her teeth hard

"Oh, ma'am? I'm terribly sorry, the cleaner has just this moment gone in to the bathroom to clean up a spill. It should only be five minutes or so. I do apologize"

Sophia's heart sank hard. She was barely holding on. Every muscle in her pussy was shaking with the work it took to keep her piss inside. She simply nodded as she felt her face flush red. She opened the menu and tried to distract herself reading, all the while crossing her legs and trying her best to avoid the urge to shove her fingers onto her pee hole for a seconds relief.

"You ok? You didn't have to go too bad did you?" Simon asked

"Oh, no no. Just wanted to powder my nose is all. It's warm tonight"

The second ticked by slowly. One eye on the door, awaiting the cleaner to leave, Sophia only half listened as Simon tried to make conversation. Another drip, seemingly soaked up by the light jacket she'd brought along and sat atop of, was almost the last straw. Just then, a sight that alone almost made Sophia scream with pleasure - the cleaner left!

"I'll be back in a moment" she said, carefully standing up to leave.

She walked as casually as she could towards the bathrooms. Luckily, the place was quiet and her awkward walking was not noticed by many. She stepped into the bathroom and saw the four empty cubicles, all with beautiful white toilets that she couldn't wait to sit on. Pulling at her panties before she got inside, Sophia was about to shut the door when she heard a voice. A man's voice.

"Sophia? You in here?"

It was Simon. She shook with anger and shock as she opened the door.

"Simon? What are you doing in here? I-"

"have to pee. I can tell"

"But, why are you...?"

Simon stepped forward into the cubicle with Sophia, locking the door.

"Look. I know we haven't been together long but I'm mad for you. I'm so attracted to you. I know I should wait but I can't. I want you. Now"

"Oh" Sophia croaked, her clit swelling as her pussy got wetter and wetter for two reasons "Simon. I... I just have to pee and then we can go back to your place?"

"No. Look, this is embarrassing and I can't believe I'm admitting it to you but, when girls have to pee it gets me so hard"

He wasn't lying. Sophia could see his dick pushing against his trousers, clearly throbbing and hard.

"I'm sorry if this is strange, but I'd love to feel you as you hold on?"

Sophia considered him for a moment. True, this was a fantasy for her. But she was so desperate.

She leaned in and kissed Simon, hard, clearly making her decision. His soft, warm hands slid up her thigh, pulling aside her wet purple panties and slowly caressing her pussy. A small drip of pee escaped her

"Oo, sorry, I..."

"shhh" he whispered back, as his fingers began to enter her

In a sudden movement, his fingers were driven deep inside her, pushing against her pee hole and forcing it shut

"Ooooooh" she moaned, shaking with the pleasure

"I want you so badly" he moaned, unbuckling his belt with his free hand

Sophia helped, but then stopped suddenly.

"Simon, I have to pee first. Then we can..."

"No. Sophia, please, I beg you. Fuck me now!"

Sophia was shocked. Simon had always appeared the perfect gentleman - but hearing the way he ordered her now drove her crazy. She threw down his trousers and leaned back. The pee was pushing hard against her, begging to get out, but she refused. Instead, his dick slipped easily inside her wet pussy and blocked it. She felt her muscles relax, the pee attempt to escape, but it had nowhere to go. As Simon fucked her, Sophia moaned and bit his shoulder to keep from screaming too hard. The piss needed an escape, but it couldn't find one. An intense few minutes later and Simon whispered "I'm going to cum"

Sophia nodded, and then felt a burst of hot cum shoot inside her. She felt a rush of pleasure and began to orgasm.

"Now. Now!" she said

Simon understood immediately. He quickly pulled himself from her and she shot down on to the toilet. As she had an intense orgasm, the piss she'd been holding for so long, so desperately, came rushing out too. The feeling was indescribable as both cum and piss shot from her, causing her to moan and shake violently.

Sophia looked up at Simon, and he down at her. They shared a mutual moment of pleasure as they fixed themselves up.

"Thank you" whispered Simon, now appearing shy and red-faced, returning to his quiet self

"Anytime" she smiled back, as the two walked back out into the restaurant and straight to the car.

