Nightmare's dog

Author: Yakimaki05

*000*2024-01-12 13:11

TW: Humiliation and

@@performance of master and dog

Cross was called into Nightmare's office, he walks fearfully through the castle corridors, sweating coldly wondering what Nightmare could want with him, would he yell at him? who break his bones? make him vomit blood? These are all plausible possibilities, however, fate decided to be a little more cruel this time....

Cross enters the room, sweating and Nightmare who was sitting in his chair behind his desk, without taking his eyes off his book, signals Cross to enter and close the door.

Cross does so and then stands in front of Nightmare's desk, Nightmare finally closes the book and looks up, looking at Cross's face.

Cross was sweating coldly under Nightmare's gaze, his legs were shaking and he was trying to maintain his posture.

- Hello, Cross.

Nightmare's emphasis on his name made Cross tremble a little and almost fall, even so he maintains his posture and takes a deep breath to respond to his boss.

- Hello senpai, did you want to see me?...

- Yes, I would like to, could you please explain to me, how did you fail your last mission?...

Cross froze, his last mission was to kill some inhabitants of an AU known as "KawaiiTale" but Cross was unable to harm the small creatures that lived there.

As it was months ago he thought Nightmare had already forgotten, but Nightmare never forgets...

- I'm very sorry for my failure sir, I promise I'll be better next time...

- Oh yes you will, because you will be punished for your stupid mistake now and it will never happen again.

Cross froze with Nightmare's words, what was Nightmare going to do? Drowning in his own blood?

Throw gasoline on it and burn it with a lighter?

The anxiety was killing him...

- If you want to act like a dog, you will be treated like one.

Cross's face took on a confused expression, trying to understand what Nightmare said, until realization dawned on his shoulders.

- D-d-dog?

B-but boss!

I didn't act like a dog, I just-

- Disobeyed an order and then came back lowering your head begging for forgiveness, like a dog that growls at its master when he speaks to it and then lowers its head lowering your head begging for forgiveness.

Cross paused when he heard Nightmare, does he really look like a dog?...

Suddenly Cross's train of thought is broken by Nightmare pulling him by the collar of his shirt.

Nightmare looks at him with a cold and merciless look, one of Nightmare's tentacles appears from under the table with a pink collar with the name "Crossy" written on it.

Cross tears up at the idea of having this around his neck and start to feel his bladder protesting the fear he's feeling of Nightmare.

A few minutes later

Cross is centered on the floor with the pink collar around his neck, holding back his tears to avoid being punished even more.

- Give me your paw.

Nightmare said extending his hand to Cross.

- S-senpai, I-I really have to?-

- It wasn't a request, it was an order.

Cross trembles at Nightmare's speech and reluctantly extends his hand to Nightmare's hand.

Nightmare caresses his hand giving Cross a feeling of regret down his spine which made Cross put his other hand on his crotch so he doesn't get wet from fear.

- Ow, does my puppy need to go?

Cross blush and freezes at this question, he slowly turns his face towards Nightmare as tears begin to form even more in his eyes and his sweat begins to drip from his face.

- Unfortunately dogs don't use the bathroom...

Cross squeezes his crotch even harder and squeezes his legs as much as he can, he lets out small moans of despair, hoping Nightmare isn't saying what he thinks he is.

Nightmare lets go of Cross's hand and stands up, supporting him with both hands in his pocket.

Cross trembles in fear of what might happen, his bladder is begging for relief as he fears Nightmare's next order.

- Do what you need.

- u-uh? what do y-you mean Senpai?...

- Be a good puppy, and do what I'm telling you to do.

Cross trembles even more and puts both hands on his crotch, the shivers of fear are making the pressure in his bladder worse and worse.

Nightmare approached Cross and lowered himself to the height of the height.

- Be a good puppy, and obey your master.

Nightmare spoke with a malicious smile pointing at Cross's crotch, Cross trembles and lets out a small groan of pain, he was being humiliated, but if he doesn't do what Nightmare says he might.

Cross reluctantly removes his hands from his crotch and slowly begins to take off his pants, tears falling from his face as he feels the humiliation rising and making his face turn purple.

He takes off his pants and looks at Nightmare as if asking for permission to go.

Nightmare smiles and nods giving Cross a thumbs up.

Cross lifted his leg humiliatingly and let the liquid come out of his dick, he lets out a moan beyond his control finally being able to release bladder pressure, tears and drops of sweat fall to the floor as he sighs heavily.

He blushes deeply feeling the liquid fall to the floor.

He whimpers as his pee falls to the floor, he lifts his leg higher, shaking hearing the splashes fall to the floor forming a puddle.

- Oh what a good boy...

Cross blush becomes more evident at the compliment, he hated how much you were treating him like a dog, he was trying to suppress the joy the feeling of being a good boy brought him.

The joy and satisfaction that his body was letting it out was conflicting with his shame and humiliation, his face is burning with shame his body trembling, his hands clenched, and his breath was heavy.

Cross' flow finally ends and he lowers his leg again, looks at Nightmare and trembles in fear of receiving some more punishment, but instead is greeted with a pat on the head.

- Look what a good boy you are, haha...

Cross blushes even more at this line, and looks away in shame, god he just peed on the floor like a dog... how humiliating...


