The Nationalpark Stakeout (B99 Amy/Rosa)

Author: yexokid

*000*2022-04-21 12:58

It's a slow beginning but I'm hoping to build it into a bigger story with multiple chapters, so I had to do a bit of a set-up first. Do suggets changes or improvment.

"An exciting opertunity has just come up." Sgt. Jeffords adressed the squad gathered in the briefing room.

"A interagency manhunt needs people to man a survailance of a dropspot. Is anyone interrested?"

Amy's hand had shot up the second Interagency had been uttered. Any oppertunity to add to her already impressiv resume would be welcomed and she had wanted to improve her stakeout skills for some time.

"Amy you know how highly the Captain and Myself think of you and your ability as a detective. But this might be a job more suited for a male detective." Sgt Jeffords explained.

"The hell's that supposed to mean?" Rosa spoke from the back.

"Amy can do the job of everyone here twice over"

Never had Amy seen a person walk into a new job and get away with the things Rosa did. At this moment she had her legs on the desk she was sitting at. Amy had not really gotten the chance to talk to this new hire, as Rosa had only been at the 99 for a few weeks and didn't seem like the kind of person who enjoyed small talk.

Still, Amy had suddently gotten a lot of new respect for her colleage. Women cops and especially detective were few and far between. It was nice to know someone had her back.

"Yeah, I can do as good a job as anyone here" Amy found herself spured on by Rosa and decided to openly question her superiors decision. Something that she would have never considered before.

"Yeah!" Charles jumped to the oppertunity the cheer something.

"It's not a matter of your ability" Jeffords franticly tried to explain himself as to not appear to believe his female detectives weren't just as capable as the males of the 99th disctrict.

"Jeffords, Amy and I are going to do this and we are going to crush it" Rosa's intensity made it perfectly clear there wasn't any reason to argue but Terry wanted to at least explain his position.

"Alright it's yours. But the survailance sit is upstate, pretty deep inside a national park -without facilities. I'll give you a more detailed brief. Everyone else is dismissed" Jeffords got grabbed a few papers from his stack and went to grab a whiteboard while the briefing room emptied.

Amy had suddently become unsure that she had made the right decision. It would be a fantastic oppertunity and she wanted to show everyone that Rosa had been right - she could do everything the other detectives and officers could. Excempt what might come in real handy on a stake-out in a big forrest. Pee outside just as easy as inside.

"Good luck, Santiago" Peralta teased on his way out of the room followed up by Charles's

"Woooo, girl power!"

"What was that about?" Rosa put a hand on Amy's shoulder.

"Oh that's just Charles. He loves to cheer." Amy said turning to her new partner.

"I've noticed. But what did Jake mean?"

"Oh nothing he's just a bit of an jokester"

Rosa's grumble didn't sound to convinced but Jeffords interrupted any chance she had to dig into what ever Amy was hiding.

"Before we begin, do you understand why I say what I say? I don't want any of you to believe in anyway I don't think as highly of you two, as I do of anyone else here. Higher usually." Jeffords had taken a seat across the table from Amy.

"I know Terry" Amy assured him. She didn't want there to be any bad feelings between them as he was the best sergant she had been assigned to in her time with the NYPD.

"But that doesn't mean you should assume not having facilities is anymore of an obsticle for us than the guys here" Rosa needed to make sure she hadn't once again been dropped somewhere to be a pretty face in the office. That wasn't why she became a detective.

"And that's on me. To be honest, I wanted to pick you two specefically for this but I didn't want to throw you into a forrest alone if you weren't comfortable with it." Jeffords stod and walked over to the whiteboard.

"Shall we get started?"

###

Besides the location it was a very normal stake-out. Local police had caught a mule who gave up a drop spot used by a gang of drugtrafficers. Rosa and Amy had to man a small camp setup by parkrangers overlooking the shelters and report any coming and goings.

Next team would relieve them after 2 days. They would drive up friday morning, relieve the previous team at 2pm and get relieved sunday at 2pm.

###

Friday morning

Amy went through the notes about the mission again while she drank her coffee. She never really drank coffee in the morning but she had a feeling she was going to need it today. Because she normally woke early it had only been 30 minutes less sleep she had gotten but they defiently made a difference.

She glanced over to the packed bags by her door. It wasn't long until she had to head out the door to the precinct to meet up with Rosa and hit the road. She couldn't let go of the feeling that she had forgotten to pack something, but she had spent most of thursday packing and planning what to pack and then repacking. She had a couple diapers left from tests in the academy but she coudn't possibly bring them. It's not like she could use them without Rosa's knowledge. They had been in and out of her bag multiple times, ending up out of them. She dismissed the concern, putting it down to nerves about the mission and working close to a new partner.

If only she could coordinate with Rosa, but she didn't have her phone number. Or knew where she lived, or anything about her really. Amy had tried to get Rosa's number at the precinct during the week but she never seemed to have any luck on that front. Amy made a mental note to get it on their way to the park.

Amy was ripped out of her thoughts as there was a knock at her door. Opening her door she was surprised to see Rosa at the other side.

"Sup?" Rosa's sunglasses met Amy's eyes in the low morning sun.

"Rosa? What are you doing here so early?"

"Ready?" Rosa held up a keyring with the department insigna, meaning she already had been to the presinct to check out a car.

"Wanted to get a headstart, get to the camp early to get some info from the guys before us."

"How did you know I was going to even be dressed?" Amy felt out of her element suddently having her morning routine obrubtly distrurbed.

"Deal was to meet at the prescinct in 45 minutes. Everytime Peralta is late you remark how you get up earlier to miss morning traffic. Figured you were planning to leave in about 10 minutes time."

"Oh. 5 minutes actually. I just need to finish my coffee and run to the bathroom and we can hit the road." Amy felt read like a book, but at least she knew Rosa was talented.

"Perfect. I prefer to only stop for gas. I'll throw your bags into the car" Rosa said stepping into the apartment.

Amy felt that the "prefer" was mostly a coutisy because Rosa hadn't been at the department for longer.

Amy finish the last of her coffee and went to the bathroom, making sure to enjoy to running water and actual toilet a bit more than normal.

As she washed her hands a stray though found a home and she opened the cabnet under the sink and felt her heart sink as she noticed the diapers weren't sitting in the back waiting the next written exam. She must have ended up putting them in one of the bags. She hadn't forgotten to pack something, she had forgotten to unpack something!

###

The car ride had been quite so far. They had been driving for about an hour or so and mostly the only sounds had been the gps and Amy's playlist on the car stereo. Amy had actually enjoyed the silence as she was used to sitting in silence listening to music on her trainride to and from work. But today wasn't at chill as her normal commute, as Amy had also tried to gauge Rosa's thoughts from her face. Both about her playlist and whether or not it "Blew ass" as Rosa had asked before handing Amy the AUX, but also whether had any reservations about the mission.

"I need to ask you something." Rosa broke the silence.

"Shoot" Amy were surprised she wasn't going to be the one to speak first. She felt more in control again after this morning.

"What was Jake refering to?"

"Oh" As suddently as she had gain control as suddently she had lost it again.

"It's nothing, just a joke"

"Hey Amy, we're partners on this, we need to trust eachother."

Amy really didn't particularly wanted to relive the moment but Amy could she the idea of sharing stories on the way to the National park.

"I missed out on a pursuit because I had to pee. We had been sitting outside a house for hours and I just had to pee. So I stepped out of the car to find a restroom. Perp showed up 2 minutes later. Just bad luck!" Amy tried to laugh it off but she couldn't help but feel her bladder sometimes worked against her.

"HA!" Rosa's outburst almost starteled Amy.

"Don't sweat it Amy. Don't get me wrong but how much good were you going to do if you had stayed?"

Amy had to agree with Rosa. She wasn't going to be any help in a chase if she was bursting.

"Besides Jake once lost a guy because he hadn't tied his shoes right. Came undone while he was running and next thing he saw was the ground." Amy couldn't recall seeing Rosa laugh before.

The next hour or so went by quickly as the detectives shared stories of solved cases, crazy crimes and bad superiors. Rosa had gotten a couple of drinks and snacks packed that they had started dipping into as the miles flew by.

###

"If you see any gas stations coming up, let me know. We need to fill it soon and we should probably switch drivers."

Rosa's word were perfectly timed as the last of the coffee and the drinks in the car were catching up to Amy.

"I'll be on the lookout. I have to run to the bathroom as well" Amy said hoping Rosa wasn't going to think it was to soon to have to pee again.

"Yeah why not" Rosa nodded, much to Amy's delight and surprise.

A Gas station bathroom was probably still better than what was to come the next couple of days, and if Amy could get through the drives, to and from the camp, without forcing Rosa to stop more than necesarry she was it would help their friendship.

"7 miles" Amy said noticing a sign at the side of the highway.

"DAMMIT" Rosa exclaimed as the traffic in front of them suddently slowed down to a crawl.

"Ough! Well I guess it's going to be a slow 7 miles." Amy's words were just as much an attempt to ease her self as Rosa.

"Yup"

The silence once again fell over the car. Nothing could accelerate Amy's need than knowing a bathroom was close but still out of reach, but she was going to make it to that gas station.

If she could. It felt like the cars around them wasn't even moving anymore. She was wondering if there was anyway she could help herself hold on without being to obvius. She wanted to put a hand in her crotch but settled on just crossing her legs tight. Amy had to find someway to focus her mind on something other than her bladder.

"So, what have you packed by the way?" She enquired hoping some conversation would distract her.

"Usual stuff for being outdoors, knife, lantern, rope, extra socks" Rosa sighed adjusting in her seat.

"Oh I should have gotten a lantern" Amy tried to keep her mind on the conversation.

"One's enough. That it?"

Amy looked outside and saw a very welcome sight as the gas station came into view around a bend in the road. Unfortunatly it was still a mile or two down the road. She kept having to keep herself from grabbing her crotch.

"Yes it has to be!" Amy said excited.

"Would you mind if I just run to the bathroom when we get there? I'm getting kind of desperat?" Amy admitted shifting in her seat.

Rosa looked at Amy and back to the gas station. Amy noticed her free leg bouncing up and down.

"I was thinking we park and go to the bathroom before we fill up" Rosa said.

"If they have any left" Amy noticed how many cars were turning of the highway at the station.

"Frees up the highway, we can take the next one." Rosa was starting to fidget more and more.

"Honestly Rosa, we have no idea when that is! I really have to pee!" Amy said finally giving into putting her hands between her legs.

Rosa had definetly noticed Amy's hand because a moment later she had a hand between hers as well.

"But can you wait for god knows how many other women in line?"

Rosa's voice cracked just enough for Amy to notice. She had been so preocupied with how badly she needed to pee she hadn't noticed Rosa was pretty desperate as well. A hunch hit her and to satisfy her curiosity she tried to catch a glimpse of the fuel gage, but she couldn't get an angle.

"Didn't we have to get fuel as well? We need to stop at a gasstation"

Amy didn't really know what answer she hoped for. If they really needed gas she could hopefully get Rosa to stop here but if it was just a excuse so Rosa could go pee, she might be more desperate than Amy! If that was possible.

"The gas can wait. But I don't think we can" Rosa finally saw an opening for the gas station and raced up the offramp.

"Where can we park?" she hissed to noone in particular.

"There!" Amy exclaimed as she noticed a car had just backed out of a spot and Rosa threw the car into the space.

Amy really didn't want to move her hands from their place between her thighs but she had to open the door and she was out of the car before Rosa had killed the engine. She quickly found the building housing the bathrooms and Amy almost squeled in delight when she couldn't see any line outside the door with women painted on.

"Come on!" She said to Rosa and walked as fast as she could in the direction of the bathroom. She wanted to run. She wanted to run so badly but she wanted more to hang onto a shred of dignity and besides moving her legs quicker would only result in her losing it. She just had to hold on a few moments more but to hell with dignity, she once again burried a hand in her crotch and pushed open the door with the other hand.

"How long is this going to be?!"

The woman at the front of the line asked desperatly as she knocked on one of the closed stall doors. 8 women in line. All from the traffic jam. All with hands between their legs or doing the potty dance. The realisation stunned Amy. There was no way she was going to make it! How could this happen! She couldn't start this mission of by peeing her pants like a child!

Amy was ripped back to reality as she felt a couple drops escape her. She had to act now! And no way she was going to cut in line. She had to come up with something else. She turned to Rosa to ask for help only to find no-one behind her.

###

Rosa couldn't believe how desperat she had become. It had been a long time since she had needed to pee so bad! All because she didn't pee at Amy's. So much pride and look where that got her, about to pee herself in a gas station parking lot after holding herself in front of Amy like some todler.

Still could be worse. Amy had decided against listening to her about the line in the bathrooms and Rosa wasn't going to make that mistake. She had noticed a grouping of bushes and trees not to far from the car and that was a much better solution. Even if it was technically illegal.

As Amy waddled to the bathroom, she potty danced on the spot and locked the car. When the lock clicked she quickly glansed around. Luckily there wasn't a person in sight and she could undo her belt buckle, releasing much of the pressure from her bladder. The black leather pants she had worn had one major fault. The belt buckle ended up directly on her bladder and it would usually be one of the first things she did when she had to pee, but in the car there simply hadn't been a way to do it. This time however she was so desperate that even than wasn't enough that she didn't feel the need to keep one hand in her crotch for extra support.

The bushes weren't far away but it felt long as Rosa hurried out of sight. As she reached the bushes she knew it was now or never. A couple of drops had already escaped and the first small opening had to be privat enough as Rosa jump into her green hiding spot and pulled her pants and panties down. She had almost forgotten how good it felt to pee when one had become so desperate, and had to strain to keep from sighing in relief. After all she still had to be on the lookout to make sure she wasn't spottet. From her hiding spot she spottet Amy exiting the restrooms way quicker than she expected. Maybe she'd been wrong about the lengh of the line.

###

There was only one option left for Amy. She had at most a couple of minutes before her bladder completly gave out and she would spent the rest of the day soaked. She really didn't want to use this option but desperat times call for desperat means.

She turned back out the door and looked around. A few meters down the building she saw her saving grace. The door with men written along. Leaks be damned now she had to run.

As her free hand reach the handle she pressed the other one in to her crotch harder as she could feel dampness starting to appear. Even still she had to take a deep breath before she opened the door.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry I'm sorry" She repeated as she ran by 2 very confused men at the urinal trying to cover her eyes and still find an open stall. She kicked open the stall door and even before she had completly pulled down her pants completly the floodgate opened. She threw herself on the toilet and couldn't help but sigh deeply as her bladder emptied.

The redness on her checks was however spreading very quickly. Firstly Rosa had witnessed her way more desperat than she was comfortable with, secondly she had had to run through a occupied mensroom on the verge of peeing herself and thirdly she hadden't gotten a hold of her panties when she removed her pants. As it were she was now wearing completly soaked through panties and her pants had a fairly sizeble wet patch right between the legs.

Amy wanted the earth to open up and swallow her right then and there. And when what was clearly a mans hand reached in and closed the still open stall door, she was ready to dig the hole herself.

*002*2022-04-26 06:59

As Amy's flood turned to a stream and then a trickle, she gathered her thoughts and dried herself off. Firstly she had to figure out what to do about her soaked panties. The stall didn't have a trashcan and in her panic she hadn't grabbed her bag or anything from the car. She would either have to wear them under her pants therefore risk them soaking through the fabric of her pants and spend the rest of the day in soaked underwear, leave them in some mens room at a highway gas station or walk out of the stall and all the way to the car with holding it in her hand.

Or perhaps there was another option. Amy undid her shoelaces and kicked of her shoes so she could stand bare feet on top of them. No way she would touch that floor if she could help it. Luckily a lot of physical training made her balance so good she could alternate between standing on one leg and remove her pants and then afterward remove her panties.

She had one last look at what had been one of her favorite pairs of underwear and then threw them into the toilet bowl, hoping and praying to everything that when she flushed, the evidence would disappear. While she'd been completing her acrobatics, Amy had heard the faucets turn on and door open twice, maybe her luck had turned just enough that she wouldn't have to face anyone on the other side of the stall. With her shoes back on Amy steeled herself and flushed the toilet and watched everything dissapear with a wirl.

"Thanks bad guys" Amy whispered before quickly heading out of the stall.

###

Rosa inspected what she could see of the pink underwear and found to her delight there barely was a wet spot. She prided herself on her ability to control her body and was pleased it had mostly held.

She pulled her pants and panties back up and looked around to see if anyone would notice her exiting her hiding place. The only person in the area was a girl who Rosa suspected had been stuck in the same traffic jam as Amy and herself. The girl had a hand between her legs and was frantically looking around while she stepped from one leg to the other.

"Psst!" Rosa said and stepped out from her hiding spot.

The girl froze and turned her head to Rosa.

"In here" Rosa directed the girl.

"Oh my god thank you so much" the girl exclaimed as she stepped past Rosa.

Rosa closed her belt buckle and started to walk back towards the car when the familiar hiss started behind her.

###

When Amy returned to the car, Rosa was leaning against the boot waiting for her.

"Where did you go?" Amy enquired as she was sure Rosa couldn't still be holding on.

"Bushes" Rosa nodded in the direction some bushes and trees were a girl came into view.

"Told you bathrooms were a bad idea"

"But public urination is a crime!" Amy knew most people wouldn't care at all but it was the principle of it that Amy had trouble with.

"Isn't it also technically against the law to use a differently gendered bathroom?"

Rosa had a point but Amy didn't really want to admit it. She also had to contend with the fact Rosa had seen her rush into the mensroom.

"Should we get going?" Amy asked to change the subject.

"I'm hungry, let's grab some food and fill up first" Rosa said and handed Amy the car keys.

"And we're still swapping right?"

Amy grabbed the keys and they headed off to get some early lunch.

###

The small food court of the gas station was surprisingly empty. Amy had to assume most of the people who had left the highway had done so to use the bathroom and not much else. The detectives quickly found what they wanted and sat down in a booth.

"So do you have any thoughts on the mission?" Amy said between bites.

"Catch the bad guys. Kick ass."

"I was thinking we probably should switch between who stays awake during the night, do you want the first or second night?"

"Isn't the park closed during the night?" Rosa enquired. "Do you think our guy would risk being suspicious by sneaking in at night when he could walk right in during the day?"

"True but shouldn't we account for all possiblities"

"We'll make those decisions when we get to the camp and can see everything for us self"

"Come on Rosa, we might as well plan a bit while we eat" Amy pleaded. Rosa though for a second before nodding.

"I'll take second night" Rosa put down her fork and looked at Amy.

"Isn't it still considered public urination in a national park?"

"What?" Amy was sure she had misheard Rosa.

"Just accounting for all possiblities - how are you going to pee outside at the camp?"

"You're right. We'll deal with somethings when we get there" Amy said trying - and failing - not to blush a bit.

"Ha!" Rosa exclaimed and shook her head.

###

They finished up their lunch and bought a few snacks for the rest of the drive before leaving the food court. As they walked past the door signed Women, Rosa slowed her step.

"Should we?"

Amy looked at her then at the door.

"Yeah probably"

She opened the door and found an empty bathroom on the other side.

"Typical" Amy sighed

"Probably means the traffic's cleared up at least" Rosa concluded as they both noticed they big yellow sign left on the floor.

Wet floor

The detectives looked at each other and then they burst out laughing. They regained composure and burst out laugh a couple of times before they finally were able to do what they came to do.

As Amy pulled down her pants she was reminded how close she had been to become the reason for another yellow sign. Between the lunch and laughing fit she had completly forgotten the fate of her panties. Luckily Rosa was in another stall and were none the wiser.

###

Back on the road the silence was back but it was much less awkward than earlier that morning. Amy had gone through at lot of miles and they were soon going to be at the ranger station they were supposed to check in at and leave their car before getting a lift to the campsite. Amy however was much more focused on her crotch as every movement of her legs had made the seams in her jeans saw into her skin without the layer of fabric from her panties. She had apparently been fidgeting to find a more comfortable way to sit as Rosa broke the silence.

"Hey Amy, do you need to pee?"

"What?" Amy hadn't really been paying attention.

"You're fidgeting"

"Oh sorry" Amy raced to make up some excuse.

"I think I'm just ready to get out of the car I guess"

"Me to" Rosa nodded.

"I'm used to feeling the air when driving"

"Huh?"

"I ride motorcycles"

"Ohh, yeah I couldn't do that. I'd be way to scared to crash and get injured" Amy welcomed the distraction.

"It's just a matter of confidence - bike knows if you're hesitating."

Amy nodded unsure about how much a bike could actually tell about your mental state.

"Like this assignment." Rosa turned to Amy looking even more serious than normal.

"Would you have fought for this without me there? You're better than anyone else in the department Amy. But you're second guessing yourself and your abilities."

Amy was stunned. She desperately wanted to tell Rosa how wrong she was and that she would have gotten this assignment by herself, but she knew it wasn't the true. She knew she was a great detective and she was nailing every report and had one of the highest solve-rate in the department. Still she be more assertive and confident in herself.

"I probably wouldn't have" Amy sighed.

"but not because I'm not as good a detective."

Rosa lifted an eyebrow but stayed quiet inviting Amy to continue.

"I've never actually learn to..." Amy struggled to find the words.

"Pee. Outside. You know?"

There was a moment of silence as Amy looked over to Rosa trying to gauge her reaction.

"Ha! We are going to have an interesting weekend!" Rosa laughed, and after a couple moments Amy started to laugh as well.

*003*2022-05-04 15:04

Amy pulled the car up to the Ranger station and the detectives stepped out into the fresh air of the forrest.

"I'll grab our bags if you head inside and check us in" Amy said across the roof of the car.

"Sure" Rosa said and walked up the wooden stairs and headed inside.

Amy opened the boot of the car and started unloading bags.

As soon as Rosa was out of view she opened her bag, and looked at the diapers staring back at her. She pushed them out of the way and digged around for a pair of panties. When she found a couple she threw them in her backpack and closed her bag up again.

###

In the cabin Rosa found a few desks, a small kitchen in a corner of the room next to a table where the rangers ate and a small tv on a shelf overlooking the office/breakroom.

"Can I help you?" a shrill voice met her from the female ranger sitting at a computer.

"Detectives Diaz and Santiago. We are the next shift on the stake-out." Rosa stepped over to the desk and showed her badge to the ranger.

"Oh the big city girl coming up here to do our job?" The ranger found a handheld radio in a drawer.

"I'll get you a ride to the camp."

Rosa was taken aback by the hostililty in her voice and didn't have a chance to speak before the ranger was already busy with the radio.

Instead she walked over to the table and leaned against it until Amy came through the door with some of their bags slung over her shoulders and the rest in her hands. Rosa put out her arms to help Amy off with a couple of the bags in her hands.

"Thank you" She stammered out from underneath the mountain of bags. They placed the bags in a pile by the table and Amy massaged her shoulder.

"Guess it was a bit optimistic" Amy laughed

"A bit" Rosa said looking at all the bags. She then nodded towards the ranger behind the computer "Don't think we're really welcome here."

"What's up?"

"She believes we're a couple of big city detectives here to show them how it's done." Rosa rolled her eyes.

"I'll try talking to her" Amy said and walked over to the desk.

"Hey I just wanted to say hello. We're really happy to be here"

"Doubt you'll feel like that after a couple days of being outside"

"I'm sure we'll be just fine. Just happy to help." Amy continued in a chipper tone.

"And I'm happy to get you out into the forrest. I'm already on the radio to get someone to pick you up so if you'd leave me to it."

"Thank you. And I promise you we aren't here to show you anything. We just want to lent a helping hand." Amy tried.

"Good luck. I doubt you two city girls realise what you're going to be in for camping out in the woods." The ranger snarked and keyed up the radio.

Rosa put a hand on Amy's shoulder and motioned for them to take a seat at the table. They weren't here to make friends or change the mind of other departments personal. They place their bags by the table and took a seat while the ranger was busy with the radio.

"They'll come get you in 15 minutes" The ranger said and immediatly returned to her computer to make sure Amy and Rosa knew she wasn't inviting them to chat.

"I'll call the sergant and tell him we're here. Not sure how the service is further into the forrest." Amy said and stepped out of the ranger station.

Rosa decided she might as well go to the bathroom one last time before they get to the camp and walked over to the female ranger.

"You got a bathroom here?"

"Oh honey if you need that you're even more out of your depth than I though." The ranger said without looking up from her computer.

"I can handle myself out there, but why the hell not use it when we're waiting 15 minutes."

"Ain't happening princess."

Rosa took a deep breath. She wanted to cuss out the ranger and make her understand that they were on the same side. But She knew it wasn't going to help anything. She might as well sit back down and wait until their ride got there.

Amy came back in not long after.

Alright we're all set, how long til they get here?"

"Around 10 or so minutes." Rosa said when the ranger's stilness made it clear she was going to ignore them until they left.

"Great. I'll just use the bathroom quickly" Amy said and grabbed her backpack.

"Nuh-uh" The ranger shook her head from the desk.

Amy looked to Rosa quizzically. Rosa rolled her eyes and shrugged. Amy sat back down and the 3 women waited in silence until they heard the rumble of a car engine.

"Guess that's them" Amy said and got up.

"Yeah must be"

Rosa grabbed her bags and they stepped outside where a pickup truck with the park logo painted on the side pulled up. The window rolled down and a ranger greeted them with a smile.

"You two the detectives from brooklyn?" The man behind the wheel asked.

"Yes are you our ride?" Amy asked hoping he was just going into the station and were more lenient with bathroom access. She didn't have to pee to bad but she had hoped to use the privacy to put some panties back on without Rosa knowing.

"Yes Ma'm" The ranger said and got out, extending a hand to Amy and then Rosa.

"Ranger Christianson at your service"

The detectives shook his hand and loaded their bags and then themselfs into the pickup truck. Rosa had taken the back seat while Amy rode up front. She didn't have to pee too bad yet but she was unsure how far they had to drive and the privacy of the backseat allowed her to cross her legs if necesarry.

Soon they were on their way deeper into the forrest.

"Hope Rose didn't give you to much trouble?" Ranger Christianson asked

"Not to bad" Amy assured

"I apologize for her. She have some deepseated grudge against anyone from cities bigger than a couple thousand people. Luckily you won't have to deal with her any more during your stay. It will most likely be me or one of my colleages who patrol in the forrest."

"Oh we were under the impression that we would be all alone?" Amy perked up.

"Mostly yes but we'll do a check in the morning and in the evning - bring you supplies and anything else you might need. you can just radio in a couple hours before and we'll do our best"

"Thank you! It's nice to know we have some backup who knows the woods more than we do." Amy smiled at the ranger and Rosa couldn't help but wonder if she found him cute. Or maybe she was imagining it, trying to find a distraction. The bumpy dirt roads hadn't been kind to her bladder and she already had to cross her legs.

"How far is the camp?" Rosa asked from the back.

"About 20 minutes. You good back there?"

"Yeah just wondering" Rosa turned her attention to the beauty of the forrest they were driving through.

###

Sitting in the passenger seat was much better for Amy, not needing to use any pedals had kept her jeans from sawing into her crotch but as the pain subsided she had needed to pee more and more. Fairly quickly into the ride it had already become quite concerning so she had probaly needed to pee for some time but haven't felt it

Ranger christianson had been pointing out interresting sites and telling stories about the forrest as he drove and Amy dared to cross her legs hoping he'd be to distracted to notice and adjusted her seatbelt away from her bladder.

"We were told there weren't any facilities by the camp, do you know if there is any we could walk to?" Amy interrupted the ranger who had been talking about the difference between two trees they had passed but Amy hadn't been listening.

"Oh no unfortunetly there aren't any at the camp, there are a first aid station a bit more than a mile from the camp but if you get injured, just key up the radio and we'll be there" The ranger assured.

"I was thinking more - " Amy hesitated a bit trying to find the words but Rosa interrupted.

"She was wondering if there were any toilets close by?"

Amy looked back and saw Rosa quickly remove a hand from her crotch but she kept her legs crossed tightly. She obviously also had to pee quite bad.

"Oh ehm" The ranger suddently seemed uncomforable.

"Unfortunatly not. We had tried to communicate that who ever took this assignment had to be comfortable with using nature, but I apologise if that wasn't clear."

"No no we have no problem with that." Amy said to assure herself as much as the ranger.

"We just hoped we might be lucky"

"No unfortunatly, but the camp is quite isolated so you'll have more than enough privacy."

This wasn't much encouragment for Amy has she still had to figure out how to pee outside, and she was getting quite desperate. She glansed back to Rosa and cursed herself for taking the front seat. Rosa had her hand deeply burried in her crotch and Amy really wanted to mirror her but there was simply no way to do so discreetly.

###

Rosa was fidgeting as much as she possibly could without the ranger noticing. She didn't really care about Amy, she had already seen her need to pee once today and she had definetly noticed her hand earlier. But more bumps had done their work and now she had to hold herself with both hands and bounce her legs up and down, it was only a matter of time before she had to say he needed to stop.

"Here we are"

The words were angelic to Rosa and as the truck rolled to a stop she undid her seatbelt and jumped out. Standing up eased a bit of her pressure but she still stood cross legged.

"Hello" A roughlooking man waved to them from a small clearing with 2 tents and a fireplace. The ranger stepped out of the truck and waved back.

"Alright lets get you two unloaded and the boys back to civilation" He said and started to unload bags from the truck.

"I'll be right back" Rosa said and turned towards the forrest. She was so incredibly close to the bushes that would grant her relief when a man called out to her.

"Hey just want to give you a status while my partner loads up our stuff." Another fairly rough-looking man came over to her and extended a hand.

"Deputy Clayton and my partner is deputy Hanstead. Local sheriffs"

Rosa looked to the forrest and crossed her legs tighter before grabbing his hand and shaking it.

"Detectives Diaz and Santiago, NYPD."

"It's been quite down there while we've been here. They might have switched to a different drop-spot." Deputy Clayton explained while he pointed out the drop spot.

It was a small picknic area in the shadow of the cliffside with their stakeout camp at the top.

"How you've been assigning nighttimes?" Rosa asked tried to sound proffesional.

"We haven't been? The park's closed at night time."

"Alright anything else we need to know?" Rosa speed through the interaction as she could feel small leaks escaping her.

###

Amy steeled herself before she got out of the truck. Rosa had shoot out as soon as they came close to a stop and Ranger Christianson had defiently noticed. She didn't want to him to think she was desperate to pee, she had to be discreet even if Rosa wasn't.

She cursed that decision as the ranger spoke up from the back of the truck.

"Would you help unload your bags? I think your partner is doing the debrief of the guys."

Amy looked up and saw a very crosslegged Rosa, talking to one of the guys from the previus team, next to the edge of the forrest.

"Sure" Amy figured the quicker they unloaded, the quicker the men would leave and they could pee in private.

Unloading the bags and carrying them over to the tents wasn't easy with a full bladder. Unlike Rosa she had no way of crossing her legs or generally helping her body hold in the flood but after much work and quite a bit of leaking, their bags was laying at the campfire and the deputies was loaded and ready to leave. Amy walked over to Rosa and the deputy she was talking to.

"You're all set" She said and crossed her legs copying Rosa's stand.

"Perfect I think we're done as well" Deputy Clayton said and shook the detectives hands before joining the others in the truck.

"I HAVE to pee SO fucking bad" Amy wimpered as soon as the last door was closed.

"Same" Rosa nodded as they waved to the truck. Soon the truck disappeared behind the surrounding trees.

"Oh my god" Amy jammed her hands in her crotch and potty-danced on the spot.

Rosa quickly removed her pants and panties and squatted moments before her drips turned to flood and a loud hiss sorrunded the detectives.

"Not Fair" Amy cried as Rosa sighed contend.

"Oh no! no no no no no no" Amy could no longer hold back the flood and she looked down as her jeans started to darken.

Her muscles had nothing more to give and she was powerless to resist her bladder anymore. As warmth spread down her legs and her swollen bladder finally began shrinking to normal size she couldn't help but enjoy the feeling of relief.

Until Rosa's voice pulled her back down to earth.

"Damn".

*007*2023-01-20 18:48

The campsite was quiet. The detectives hadn't spoken at all since arriving. Amy had retreated into one of the tents, as soon as her bladder was empty. Rosa had not known what to do or how to approach her partner, so she had focused on practical needs. She had gathered Amy's bags outside her tent and brought her own bags into the other tent.

Rosa then rummaged through her bag until she found a rope that she could hang between two trees standing at the edge of the clearing. After securing the rope she returned to the clearing and noticed that some of Amy's bags weren't outside the silent tent anymore. Confident that she would have noticed anyone sneaking up on the camp, Rosa concluded that Amy probably had heard her placing the bags by her tent and grabbed them.

Rosa decided to get some work done and got a camping chair out from her tent. She grabbed her binoculars and a bottle of water and looked over at Amy's tent.

"I'm going to watch the drop-spot. So I'll be... looking the other way." Rosa hurried over to the edge of the overlook. Normally she enjoyed silence and this was more than she had expected partnering with Amy but this time Rosa really hoped Amy would talk to her soon.

@@--------

Amy was really grateful when Rosa had brought her bags over to her tent. Firstly she was glad to be able to put some pants and underwear on again, as she had removed her drenched pants as soon as she entered the tent, but secondly she was incredibly thirsty. She hadn't drunk anything in a while, the tents were really hot and she felt like she had lost all the liquid in her body, as all she had done inside the tent was cry as silently as possible.

She quickly found a bottle of water in her bag. It had been some time since it had been anywhere near cool, but right now Amy couldn't handle leaving the tent. She settled for warm water and wondered what she was going to do.

She couldn't imagine what Rosa thought of her. Peeing her pants like a little girl. How was she ever going to respect Amy again - and what if she told anyone in the department about it. Amy felt the tears start running down her cheeks again and laid her back down on the ground.

She didn't know how long she'd been laying there when Rosa told her she was going to watch the drop-spot, but that shook Amy out of her downward spiral. They did still have a job to do, and the only thing she could do now was completing that job.

Amy got up and wiped the tears off her face. She looked at her pants, still darker blue around the crotch and damp. They had to dry in the sun, but hopefully she could find somewhere private. No need to remind neither Rosa or herself about what happened.

@@--------

Rosa heard the zipper to Amy's tent being opened. She reflectively wanted to look over but caught herself. She wanted to give Amy the privacy she obviously needed.

She continued focussing on the drop-site, boring as it was overlooking an empty picnic area.

"Is that a clothes-line?" Amy's voice caught Rosa off guard. She turned around to see Amy's head poking up from the other side of her tent.

"Yeah, I put it up earlier." Rosa nodded and turned her head back to the picnic area.

She contemplated explaining that she didn't put it up just for Amy's pants and underwear but couldn't find the words. Amy didn't respond but Rosa could hear her walking around the camp and after a while Amy joined her by the edge of the overlook.

"Any activity?" Amy had put on her professionnel voice.

"Nope, none what so ever."

"You wanted second night watch right?"

"Preferably" Rosa nodded

"Alright, I'll get my stuff unpacked and set up while you watch"

"Sweet" Rosa wanted to ask if Amy was alright, if there was anything she could do but she wasn't going to bring it up and force Amy to talk about it if she didn't want to.

@@--------

The rangers had left a lot of gear that all the team could use. Pots and a tripod that could hold the pot over the campfire, a kettle and a coolbox along with some other stuff were laying around the campfire, along with two stump stools and some firewood. They had been adviced against having a fire going after dark as it could give their position away but luckily sundown was quite late so Amy didn't think it would be a problem.

Amy had spend some time unpacking her stuff and cleaning the pots with some of the water from the big water container they had bought along on the truck ride up here. The rangers would check in every morning and evening and bring more water. It wasn't like she didn't believe that the previous team wasn't hygienic but she preferred cleaning the pots again - just in case.

This also meant she could wash her jeans so the pee-smell wouldn't stay. Along the way Amy had also thrown a lot of their drinks in the coolbox that she had placed next to Rosa, hoping that would keep her partner from getting up from her lookout spot long enough for Amy's pants to dry.

@@---------

Rosa had enjoyed sitting in the sun and had digged her small bluetooth headphones out of her pocket and enjoyed some music and a podcast, but she was starting to get bored. She looked at her watch and noticed it was nearing 7pm.

"Do you want to start preparing dinner?" Rosa asked from the camping chair.

"Sure" Amy said. She had been looking for something to do as all the water she'd drunk while unpacking and cleaning was starting to make it's way though her and she really didn't want to be the first to mention needing to pee. Especially as she still didn't know how to pee outside.

"Great, can you just give me a heads up a bit before it's ready, so I can quickly pee before we eat." Rosa said as she undid her belt buckle. She hadn't noticed how much she had drunk but sitting in the sun with the coolbox next to her it must have been quite a lot and it was catching up.

"Oh actually... I was thinking..." Amy didn't know how she should word the request to her partner.

"What's up?" Rosa got up from the camping chair and looked at Amy.

"It's just, I also need to pee and you know..."

Rosa suddenly remembered Amy's confession in the car on their way to the ranger station.

"Sure how can I help?'' Rosa said, walking towards the forrest surrounding them.

"I have no idea - I - maybe I can watch how you do it?" Amy blushed at the suggestion.

"Sure" Rosa said as she stepped in between a couple of trees to look around.

"First you need somewhere private, then you pull your pants down to your knees and squat" Rosa explained as she started pulling her pants down. Amy didn't know where to look as she needed to know what Rosa was showing her but really didn't need to see more than was necessary.

"Then keep your pants away by... " Rosa didn't get to finish her sentence and barely moved her pants before her stream hit them.

Amy couldn't help but notice the small smile on Rosa's face but quickly started undoing the botton on her jeans, as the sound of Rosa peeing made her own need much worse.

She pulled her pants and panties down, very happy that she had had a chance to put on new underwear, squatted and...

Nothing happened.

Rosa looked puzzled at Amy as her bladder returned to empty.

"I can't do it" Amy whimpered

"Sure you can, just relax" Rosa pulled her pants back up.

"I have to pee SO bad and nothings happening!" Amy looked down at the completely dried ground.

"I'll turn around, maybe that'll help."

"Maybe I should pull my pants back up! We know I can pee then!" Amy exclaimed out of frustration.

The detectives eyes met and Rosa started to giggle, then Amy started to giggle. Then they burst out laughing, and after a moment the sound of laughter was joined by the sound of dripping and then a stream of liquid hitting the dirt.

"You're peeing" Rosa stammered out.

"I'm peeing!" Amy exclaimed in agreement, after she'd looked down to confirm for herself, throwing her hands in the air in excitement. Unfortunately, also throwing herself off balance and falling backwards onto the ground.

Rosa burst out laughing even more while Amy tried to get back on her feet before giving up and holding out a hand that Rosa grabbed and helped Amy to her feet.

"You okay?" Rosa asked

"Not really I got dirt on my butt" Amy half laughed half sighed.

"I'll get some wet wipes" Rosa said and walked back toward the camp.

Amy used the moment alone to check her panties and pants that sure enough ended up in the firing line when Amy fell.

The panties was pretty wet but the jeans had mostly been hit on the upper part of the butt so Amy could probably cover it up if she let her shirt be untucked.

"Here you are"

Rosa threw a pack of wet wipes to Amy from the threeline.

Finally got back to continue the story. School threw me off my game for a while but saw that there still was an audience for B99 stories so I'm getting back into it

*009*2023-01-28 07:40

Rosa decided to start preparing dinner while Amy cleaned herself up. MRE's wasn't the most exciting dinner but it was quick and easy while they were camping out here. Rosa had the kettle almost boiling when Amy came out of the forest and joined her by the campfire.

"Need any help?" Amy asked as she handed a soda to Rosa who was sitting on one knee by the campfire.

"Nah I got it, you all good?"

"Yeah" Amy sat down on one of the stump stools.

The detectives sat in silence for a moment while Amy watched Rosa pour the hot water into the MRE's to heat them up. Rosa then handed one to Amy and sat down on the other stump.

"Thank you - for this and you know" Amy nodded towards the woods.

"I still don't know if it's the best idea I'm out here"

Rosa looked up from her meal.

"Of course it is. Amy we're partners in this. Besides, I'm the one who got you this assignment."

Amy mixed the MRE with her fork without eating anything.

"Besides, it's probably good for both of us to leave our comfort zone." Rosa continued.

Amy sighed.

"It just seems like I'm way further out of my comfort zone than you are"

"Amy. How many people do you think have seen me as desperate as you have today?"

Rosa couldn't help but feel a bit hurt. She had tried to be more open and vulnerable with Amy than she had with anyone in a long time and Amy seemingly had no appreciation for her efforts.

"And how many people do you think I've peed in front of while trying to teach them how to?"

@@---------

Amy hadn't even thought of what Rosa had to deal with. Not only had the car ride alone been more time that the two of them had spend together before, she had also been in some awkward situations. Amy decided to break the silence.

"I'm sorry, I'm just not used to feel as out-of-control as I have been today. Thank you for helping me out and being less... Closed off?"

They looked at each other for a moment.

"As I said it's probably a good thing we're getting out of our comfort zone" Rosa nodded with a smile at her fellow detective.

They finished up their food and sat looking into the campfire for a couple of moments before Amy got curious.

"So, how many?" Amy said with a smile

"What?"

"How many people have you taught how to pee outside?"

Rosa squinted at Amy

"None"

"Shame, you're a good teacher" Amy giggled

"You know that wasn't really a success?" Rosa said as she held up the pack of wet-wipes.

"That was probably my fault"

Rosa nodded as she wiped her hands and handed the pack to Amy.

"My turn to ask you a question then" Rosa asserted

"I'm an open book" Amy said and emptied her soda.

"Why have you only hung your jeans up to dry?"

Amy didn't know what to say. She could feel the redness spreading on her cheeks as her mind raced to find an explanation. She couldn't tell Rosa the truth could she?

Rosa looked taken aback by Amy's embarrassed reaction to the question.

"No sorry, it's your business." Rosa got up from the stool and headed towards her tent.

"I flushed them at the gas station" Amy blurted out.

Rosa stopped and looked puzzled at Amy but Amy kept looking into the fire. She knew she couldn't look at Rosa while telling her what happened

"I... well... they weren't saveable."

"I guess you learnt something from all the bad guys who've used that trick" Rosa laughed and stepped into her tent.

Amy nodded as she tried to convince the redness of her cheeks to retreat with deep breaths.

@@----------

Amy had sat by the fire for a couple of moments trying to gather herself when she heard the sound of a vehicle approaching the camp site. The rangers were apparently about to check in. Amy sprang to her feet. She needed to remove her jeans from the clothesline before any of the rangers saw. However when she looked over Rosa already had them in her hands.

It wasn't a moment too soon as the pickup truck rolled into view from behind the trees and Ranger Christianson and Deputy Hanstead stepped out from the truck.

"How you been?" Christianson greeted Amy

"It's been quiet, nothing much exciting happening." Amy said and shook their hands.

"Figured as much" Christianson nodded

"Didn't really have any plans to check in so soon but"

"I wanted to give you this" Deputy Hanstead said and gave Amy a can of instant coffee.

"I was told by my partner that you wanted to do night shifts, so I figured it would be more help out here than in our office over the weekend."

"Thank you" Amy looked at the coffee. It was cheap powder coffee that you mix with boiling water and end up with something resembling coffee. Amy already started to miss the coffee places she was used to in brooklyn, but it was going to be very helpful to keep her up tonight.

"I've tried getting Clayton to do nightshifts every time we've been here but he's convinced it's useless. Guess you'll settle it for us"

Rosa walked over to the group and was greeted by Ranger Christianson

"Anything you'll need for tomorrow morning?"

"Probably just water and the other usual supplies."

"Alright. Well, we won't take any more of your time" Christianson said and headed back towards the truck followed by the deputy.

The truck backed up and disappeared behind the trees again.

"What did they want?" Rosa looked at the coffee in Amy's hands.

"Give us this?" Amy shrugged

"Do you think they expected us to want to go home already?" Rosa stared at the spot the truck disappeared behind the tree cover.

"Probably. Thank you for grabbing my jeans"

"Of course, they're in your tent" Rosa said and walked back towards her tent.

@@-----------

The camp had been mostly silent as Rosa prepared to go to sleep and Amy prepared to watch the dropsite. Rosa had brushed her teeth and said goodnight to Amy before retiring to her tent, while Amy had filled the small burner that came along with the kettle. That way she could boil water for coffee without having to make a fire.

Afterward she had gotten a couple of blankets, her powerbank and headphones and made herself comfortable in Rosa's camping chair.

As the sun set it had quite quickly started to get cold. Luckily the moon lit up the park very well, so it wouldn't be hard to spot any activity at the drop-spot. Amy settled in with music in her headphones and made herself some coffee to warm up.

@@----------

It was incredibly boring and cold keeping watch of a picnic area in a closed national park and even though Amy was convinced it had been hours, her phone told her she had only been keeping watch for around 50 minutes.

Amy sighed. It was going to be a long night. And worse still she was starting to need to pee. Or well she had started to need to pee some time ago. Amy adjusted in the chair trying to get comfortable.

She looked back at Rosa's tent. She couldn't wake Rosa just because she needed to pee. She just had to pee outside by herself.

"Later" Amy whispered to herself. She didn't want to get out from under the blanket and she had to mentally prepare herself first.

@@----------

A spasm hit Amy's bladder. In denial about having to pee outside Amy had started a podcast and zoned out but was now brought back to reality. The spasm had forced her legs close together.

She spread her legs and exhaled slowly. She looked at her phone. 20 minutes since last time.

"Fuck!" Amy hissed as quietly as possible.

Amy quickly opened google on her phone and typed "Pee outside Women". Amy read as quickly as she could while her legs slowly came together again and then crossed.

Her bladder spasm again and Amy wanted to jam a hand between her legs but the blanket got in the way. She threw the blanket of her and jammed a hand into her crotch. She couldn't determine if it was damp or just felt damp because her hands were used to the cold air. Slowly Amy shifted her weight forward and stood up, still cross legged and holding herself. Some of the pressure on her strained bladder lifted which gave Amy enough thought capacity to get an idea. But she did not know if it was a good one.

Slowly and agonizingly Amy made her way to her tent with small steps. She desperately wanted to jam both hands into her crotch but she needed her free hand to unzip the opening.

The sound of the zipper would cut through the silent night but Amy had limited time. She forced the zipper up and hurried inside. Amy took a deep breath and held herself tighter as she squated down so her free hand could reach and dig through her bags, looking for the misplaced diapers.

"Please!" She whimpered as a couple drops escaped her.

// As you probably guessed the next part will make use of Amy's diaper so just a heads up if

@@a: you're not into that

@@b: you are into that, cause I'm not so it probably won't be how it's normally written

*010*2023-03-16 15:06

// Again fair warning that Amy's diaper is used in the first part - also apologies for the delay, it is extremly difficult to write something your not into yourself and be happy with it

Amy's hand found the soft package and grabbed it as she tried to stand back up, hitting her head on the top of the tent. A whimper escaped her as every muscle in her body tighten to keep the flood back.

Amy stepped back outside the tent. If she wasn't going to make it she didn't want to flood the inside of her tent. She had to be as fast as possible even if it meant taking a huge chance. Using the hand borrowed in her crotch she started undoing her jeans while her other hand and her teeth worked together to rip open the diaper pack.

As soon as the packaging was broken a couple of fingers grabbed the diaper and swung it away from the plastic, unfolding it at the same time.

With the last button also opened Amy grabbed the sides of her jeans and pulled down. The cold air of the night hit her bladder very hard, and a couple of drops escaped before she closed the gates again. She whimpered again as the warm drops ran down her exposed thighs.

Amy took a couple quick breaths and then a big one before spreading her legs as much as she could with her jeans still wrapped around her knees. That was as low as she could get them right now. She placed the diaper between her legs and held it in place with her hands.

In a spilt-second Amy wondered what it would feel like to actually use a diaper. Even though she had worn them to written exams, she had never actually peed in one.

She wasn't going to wonder for long as her bladder finally gave out and she started peeing. At first Amy frantically felt around expecting to feel pee running down her legs, but to her surprise it never happened. Slowly she just started to enjoy the feeling of finally emptying her full bladder, and how surprisingly nice the warmth spreading around her crotch felt after being out in the cold air for so long.

As the flood died down Amy sighed content and dropped the diaper packaging she had kept holding onto with her teeth, simply forgetting to do anything else.

Then she was brought back to earth by a sound. She couldn't place it, but she felt a panic set in. Was it Rosa? Was she awake? Was she getting out of her tent?!

Amy quickly removed the diaper and scurried into her tent. She closed the diaper up and held it in one hand, grabbing some wet wipes with the other. She cleaned herself up and then pulled her pants back up using her free hand and a lot of wiggling.

Her panties definitely had caught a few drops as she could feel the wetness, but for now she was going to live with it.

She stepped out of her tent and found the campsite quiet. It hadn't been Rosa she heard afterall. Amy quickly walked over to the trash bag they had tied down by the campfire and tried to place the diaper under some of the other things they had thrown out. Unfortunately as they hadn't been there long, there wasn't enough to completely cover it.

Amy made a mental note that she had to be the one to throw stuff away, and made her way back to the camping chair.

@@--------

Rosa looked to the clock but couldn't find it anywhere. The lesson hopefully ended soon so she could visit the bathroom. She fiddled with her pen until the teacher said the magic words and she found herself walking through a corridor of people staring at her from behind their lockers.

She kept walking, but she couldn't find a bathroom anywhere along the walls of lockers. She could see they all knew what she was looking for but they just giggled behind her back. She started running but the corridor never changed until she suddenly found herself in front of a large door. Much larger than herself. It towered over her, and she couldn't even see the top of it.

Rosa had to use a lot of effort to push the door open, but behind it she saw the most beautiful sight. The whitest and cleanest toilet she had ever seen.

Suddenly Rosa was back inside the tent. Her bladder had pleaded for her to wake up and she slowly became fully awoken. She felt around firstly on the outside of her sleeping bag and then inside it. Luckily she hadn't peed; she only really had to.

Rosa got the her feet and stepped out into the moonlight. Even though she normally slept nude she had packed and worn a pyjamas, black of course, which she was really pleased with as she didn't need to spend time getting dressed.

"Oh sorry! Did I wake you?" Amy called from the camping chair

"No not at all" Rosa said and walked over to Amy

"Anything happened so far?"

"No, it's been quiet"

"Alright I'm just going to... Amy, is that headlights?"

The detectives both looked down at the trees surrounding the clearing as a set of headlights made their way into the clearing, revealing a sheriff's truck pulling into the clearing.

"What the hell?" Amy whispered, as deputy Hanstead stepped out of the truck and grabbed a duffle bag from the backseat that he placed on a picnic table. Just as quickly as he arrived the deputy got back into his truck and left the clearing.

"We need to find out what's in that bag" Rosa said

"Give me your phone and earphones"

"What?"

Instead of explaining herself, Rosa grabbed Amy's phone and placed an earphone in one of her ears, before calling her own phone as she walked over to her tent. She grabbed her phone, and answered "Amy's" call, and one of the small tracking/listening devices she had brought from the precinct.

"Let me know if anyone's coming" She said as she threw her phone to Amy, before jugging of down the trail.

Rosa had only barely made it away from their campsite before she remembered why she got up. She still had to pee, but she steeled herself. This was the chance for a big break in the case and she could wait until she had gathered the info they needed.

Jugging however wasn't helping her bladder and soon she had to walk instead. She excused herself with the fact that walking was probably quieter than running anyway.

"There still isn't any moment or anything" Amy's voice informed through the earphones.

"How far are you?"

"Almost there, I can see the picnic area."

Rosa crouched down a bit as she entered the clearing. It was more lit up by the moon light than she had expected.

As she made her way over to the duffle bag, she glanced up at the overlook and luckily she couldn't see any of the camp or Amy. Hopefully Deputy Hanstead hadn't seen them, but he had to have known they were up there.

She slowly opened the bag and found it full of cash. Hanstead was definitely involved in this.

"Rosa! Someones coming!"

Rosa looked around and saw no headlights between the trees but the low rumble of an engine gave it away. She had to hide. But she didn't think she could place the bug and reach the treeline before the car would see her. Rosa scanned the picnic area and saw a picnic table not far away that could shield her from the moonlight.

She quickly placed the bug in a fold of the duffle bag and hurried over to the table and hid under it, hoping her black pj's would help her stay hidden.

"Please be careful Rosa" Amy pleaded.

She slowed her breath as much as she could trying to get the adrenaline under control, before the car rolled into the clearing.

Suddenly her bladder screamed for her attention again, and it was persistent. She really had to pee and laying on her stomach only pressed her bladder even more.

The car pulled up and a woman stepped out. Rosa didn't know who she was but the tattoos on her arm was probably worth remembering, luckily the moonlight made it quite easy for her to get a good look at the woman.

Rosa felt like she was laying on a rock, but she was pretty sure it was "just" her bladder. She desperatly wanted to cross her legs or press a hand between her legs. Amy probably couldn't see her but she was afraid any movement would alert the woman to her presence.

"And you're sure they won't be a problem?" the woman whisper-shouted to someone in the passenger seat.

It was an unknown man who opened the door and stepped out.

"Yeah Hanstead said he slipped them some sleeping pills or something" He whispered back.

"But keep it down, nonetheless"

The man walked over to the duffle bag as the woman started to undo her jeans. Rosa's hand curled into a fist trying to keep herself from changing position to soothe her aching bladder.

The woman pulled down her pants and squated next to the car. Rosa had a clear view of the woman as she started to pee, and the gushing sound filled the quiet night. Rosa's bladder pleaded to make it a duet and release the giant amount of liquid inside her.

"What the fuck are you doing?" hissed the man from the picknic table with the dufflebag.

"What the fuck do you think" The woman hissed back.

"Couldn't stop at that gas station could you?"

"Because we didn't want to leave evidence you idiot"

Rosa could feel a tear in the corner of her eye. She was is a lot of pain trying to keep it in, and as the pressure built, she was quickly losing faith she could.

"A girl's got to pee jackass!" The woman's stream died down and she pulled her pants back up.

"Child" The man said as he threw the duffle bag into the backseat and got into the car.

The woman got in as well and the car started backing away.

Rosa rolled onto her side and dug a hand in between her legs, but it offered no help. She had already started leaking and she was powerless to stop herself. Warmth spread around her fingers. She rolled over to her back and bit down on her lip to keep herself from moaning.

Her pj pants offered much resistance so even as she was peeing herself her bladder ached, because it couldn't empty fast enough. This also meant the liquid was forced to follow the pants and soon the warmth spread from her crotch to her butt, down her legs and all the way up her stomach before running down her sides, pooling under her back.

Rosa relaxed every muscle in her body and enjoyed the feeling - she felt like she should be ashamed of herself and her bladder but for now she was just pleased to relieve the pressure on her bladder.

*011*2023-03-26 10:54

Amy was getting nervous. The car had left a couple of minutes ago but She hadn't seen Rosa move from under the table where she'd hid.

"Rosa? You okay?" She whispered into the phone in her hand.

A hand appeared from under the table. It waved a couple of times before giving the thumbs up. Slowly Rosa crawled out from her hiding spot and Amy felt a weight off her shoulders. however it didn't leave her completely, instead settling on her bladder. In all the excitement of having something happen and Rosa in danger of being spotted, Amy had completely neglected to notice her bladder filling up again.

Amy shifted in the camping chair, internally debating whether she could pee before Rosa made it back up to the campsite. She probably could but then what if someone else came by the drop-site and they missed it.

Then again she could maybe pee by the camping chair, still overlooking the drop-spot. Amy looked at the instructions she'd found on her phone. The way she felt most comfortable trying needed a tree, and there wasn't any near the edge of the overlook. Amy pressed her thighs together and sighed - content to the fact she had to wait.

@@--------

Rosa didn't know what to do or think as she slowly walked along the path back up towards the campsite. Everything was soaked. Normally her large bladder was an advantage but now that it had betrayed her, everything that it had held in was now on her. She really needed a shower but most of all she wanted to get out of her pajamas. Especially since the wet fabric was clinging to her everywhere.

But Rosa didn't really feel like walking around naked in the forest or returning to Amy without clothes on, so she just hoped to quickly get back into her tent and strip.

She cursed herself for not peeing before sneaking down to the drop-spot or just holding on until the car had left.

@@----------

Amy rose from the chair. She really had to pee now. She was fidgeting and looking around for Rosa. Luckily Rosa came in to view from behind the trees, Amy waved her over to the champing chair.

"So, what did you see?"

"Nothing much. Placed the bug in the bag so if we call Sarge he should be able to listen in on it."

The two detectives switched their phones back to the rightful owner.

"Did you recognize any of the two who grabbed it?" Amy shifted her weight to her other foot trying to hide her desperation.

Rosa shook her head. "But I overheard the guy tell the girl that Hanstead had slipped us some sleeping pills?"

"He didn't, did he? Only the coffee?" Amy's bladder didn't appreciate the reminder of how much coffee she'd consumed during the watch.

Rosa shrugged.

"Probably worth getting that tested then. Drunk any of it?"

"Yeah but I haven't felt more sleepy... It has only made me have to pee!"

The last part of the sentence sounded a lot more strained than Amy wanted.

"HA! So any more luck than last time?"

"Yeah but if you wouldn't mind keeping a lookout, I could use a bathroom trip"

Amy pressed her thighs together and shifted her weight back to the original foot.

"Good luck finding one," Rosa giggled.

"A tree will do"

Amy conceded and started walking towards to forest surrounding them. She really wanted a hand in her crotch to help her hold on but she couldn't do that while Rosa could see her. She couldn't look like a child unable to control her bladder once again.

"Oh eh Amy?"

Amy had to fight her body to stop and turn around. She just had to get behind the trees and she could relieve the pressure on her bladder, but what if it was important? She swallowed and turned her upper body around so her legs would cross.

"Yeah?"

"My pj got quite dirty laying on the ground so could you wait a bit to return - while I get changed?"

"Sure thing!"

"I'm sure you can change twice before I'm empty anyway" Amy whispered to herself and pressed a hand into her crotch.

@@--------

Rosa alternated looking at the drop spot and watching Amy disappear into the forest. She had to admit she enjoyed watching Amy trying to hide how badly she needed to pee because of how absolutely awful she was at it.

Soon Amy was out of view and Rosa quickly pulled her top over her head, trying and failing at keeping it away from her face. The lingering smell of pee followed it over her head.

"Gross!" Rosa whispered to no-one in particular before throwing the top in the trash bag. She'd only bought the pj for this trip and tomorrow night she would be on lookout duty anyway. Rosa then pulled her pants off and threw them away as well before heading over to her tent. She wouldn't consider herself a nudist but standing in the cool night air wearing nothing did something for her.

@@-------

Amy hurried towards the trees as quickly as she could without fearing leaks. She pressed her hand into her crotch harder as she passed the first couple of trees before deciding it had to be good enough.

She stopped in front of a tree and turned around so her back was towards the tree and used her free hand to undo her jeans.

After a couple of quick breaths and then a deep one Amy removed her hand from her crotch, pressed her thighs together as much as possible and grabbed the sides of her jeans.

She leant back while pushing her pants and panties away from her. As soon as her back met the tree she exhaled and felt the stream starting.

A content sigh escaped her as well as her stream hit the soft ground with a splashing sound. Amy smiled gleefully as she looked down at her panties. They were damp sure but that was just a leak. She hadn't peed all over herself this time. Perhaps leaning up against a tree was the way she could pee outside without worry.

@@------

"Can I come back?" Amy's voice called from the trees.

"Go for it, I'll be in my tent" Rosa called back and crawled into her tent.

She dug through her bags looking for some wet wipes before remembering she'd lent them to Amy back when she tried to show her how to pee outside. Rosa cursed. She'd have to ask Amy to bring them to her, but she really didn't feel like running around naked in front of her partner.

Rosa found her phone and started typing.

@@------

Amy waddled back into the camp and headed for her tent. She hadn't pulled her pants all the way up as she wanted to clean herself up first. She reached in and grabbed the pack of wet wipes when her phone buzzed.

"Can you bring me the wet wipes?" The text read.

"Sure thing. Give me 2 minutes" Amy wrote back.

Amy cleaned herself up and went to throw the wipe away when she noticed the trashbag had been moved.

"Shit! shit shit shit"

Amy cringed at the thought of Rosa having seen the diaper. Hopefully she hadn't as Amy had tried to hide it but she had to know.

Amy grabbed the trash bag and looked into it. She couldn't really tell what was inside as it was all black so she grabbed whatever was at the top and pulled it out.

"Oh my god" Amy whispered in disbelief.

Rosa's pj bottoms stared back at her and while she couldn't see anything she could feel them. And they were not just wet - they were drenched. It felt as if they had been washed but how could Rosa had done that so quickly? Amy slowly brought them up to her nose.

Amy looked over at Rosa's tent to make sure she hadn't spotted Amy. She couldn't know that Amy knew she had peed herself, so Amy quickly stuffed them back in the trash bag.

As Amy walked back over to Rosa's tent the surprise faded and a small smile crept onto Amy's face. At least she knew she wasn't the only one on the case who'd had an accident - and she was determined to not be the last one.

"Here you are"

"Thanks" Rosa said and opened her tent just enough to get her hand through to grab the packet from Amy.

*013*2023-07-16 04:17

It will, writers block is just a struggle lol. But I'm working on the next part

*014*2023-07-16 10:52

Amy yawned. The rest of the night had gone by without incident and now she was enjoying the sunrise over the forest motive.

When the sun cleared the treetops and the birdsong reached a volume that she suspected would wake Rosa, Amy rose form the camping chair and started preparing a small fire to make breakfast.

@@------------

Rosa woke to the sound of birdsong and the crackles of a fire. Forgetting for a moment that she was in a tent in a national park and not her apartment, she instantly sat up and looked around.

When the shock settled, she started rummaging through her bags to find some clothes, and emerged from the tent, dressed as usual in all black.

"Good morning" Amy waved from her seated position by the fire.

"Morning"

"Slept well?"

"Not really, still trying to figure out this whole Hanstead situation."

"We should probably call sarge" Amy nodded.

"Is he in the office yet?"

"It's almost 7"

"Text him to call when he can."

"Would you mind doing it, I was hoping to get some sleep after breakfast, so he should probably call you?"

"Fair" Rosa said as she got her phone out.

It didn't take long for the detectives to whip up a breakfast and as they ate they continued to discuss the case.

"If Hanstead is dirty, do you think anyone else could be involved?" Amy pondered.

"Possible"

"Clayton?"

Rosa lifted an eyebrow.

"His partner?" Amy continued

"Oh sorry. I wasn't really paying attention when we meet them."

"Yeah, we were a bit distracted perhaps" Amy blushed

"I mean you at least got both their names."

"And then I peed myself"

Rosa couldn't help but notice it was still bothering Amy that she hadn't been able to hold it, so despite really wanting to keep her own accident a complete secret, she figured Amy could be trusted and maybe comforted by knowing.

"Hey Amy. It happens. Last night when I hid under the table down by the picknick area."

Rosa trailed off, partly because she couldn't find the words and partly because Amy seemed to happy that early in the story.

"You know, don’t you! How?"

"I don't know anything" Amy tried sounding as innocent as possible but the smile on her face gave it away.

"You tell anyone I'll break you."

"And you wanted to tell me just to make me feel better."

Rosa's phone started buzzing with Sarge written on the display. Rosa starred daggers at Amy as she answered the call.

@@-----------

While Rosa discussed their discoveries with the sergeant, Amy started cleaning up after breakfast. She figured there probably was a limit to what Rosa wanted to tell about yesterday and she was really starting to feel the effect of her nights watch. Hopefully she could crawl into her tent sooner rather than later.

"Sarge is on it." Rosa said sliding her phone into her back pocket.

"Then I guess all there is to do is wait" Amy had to use a hand to shield her eyes from the sun that was still hanging low on the sky.

"Yup"

"This is the one from Hanstead?"

Rosa picked up the instant coffee that the deputy had given them to "help" with their stakeout.

Amy nodded.

"Sarge vouched for the ranger guy. Said they went way back and that he trusts him. He wanted us to hand the coffee over so they could test it."

"You don't sound convinced?" Amy rose from her position beside the now clean pots.

"I just know that one of the people we meet up here is dirty - not a far leap to suggest he isn't alone."

"True enough - but sarge's word has to count for something. Besides I'd be more worried about his partner than the ranger, who isn't even in the same department."

"I'm not saying it does count - I'm just saying we should be careful."

"Well, I don't think there's anything wrong with at least handing over the coffee - I mean it hasn't really done anything anyway.”

Rosa unscrewed the cap and sniffed the powdered coffee.

"I guess you're right - just smells like bad coffee."

"Exactly" Amy yawned and stretched.

"Anyway, I'm going to catch up on some sleep."

"Good night"

Amy crawled into her tent to get her toothbrush and was greeted by the mess she had made looking for the diaper in the middle of the night. Everything in her bag had been thrown around and a lot had spilled out laying randomly in her tent.

Amy sighed. Unpleasant reminder aside she also really didn't want to have to clean up everything right now and she figured she should probably go pee before she went to sleep.

With her toothbrush and toothpaste in hand Amy headed back outside the tent. Rosa was sitting in the camping chair with earbuds in her ear and a soda from the cooler.

Amy brushed her teeth and cleaned up her toothbrush before placing the plastic cap back on it and sliding it in her pocket. She then looked at the trees and sighed. She still felt absolutely unqualified to pee outside but she made her way a couple steps into the forest.

Amy undid her pants and pulled them down before squatting like Rosa had shown her - making sure to pull her pants out of the way - but again nothing happened.

Amy sighed and tried to relax by whispering to herself.

"Come on. You know you have to. No one else is here."

A couple of times it felt like she was about to start peeing but every time the feeling would fade away again. Amy sat for what felt like forever and when her thighs started to hurt she threw in the towel and stood back up.

@@--------

Rosa noticed Amy returning from the forest, presumably she'd been out to pee, and Rosa considered copying her. But after the stunning display of betrayal from her bladder last night she decided to make sure she wasn't losing her edge. Instead, she found her phone and started a timer.

Not long after Amy crawled into her tent again, Rosa heard to low rumble of a vehicle approaching. Sure enough the ranger pickup truck, that dropped them off yesterday, rolled into view.

Rosa rose from the chair and walked over to the truck. Ranger Christianson climbed out and stuck out his hand.

"So, I understand we got a fox in the henhouse" He said as the shock hands.

"You talked to Sargant Jeffords?"

"I believe I was the first person he told after you spoke."

"How do you know each other?"

The ranger hesitated for a moment, looked Rosa up and down, before speaking.

"We used to work together. Before I joined the rangers. In New York."

"You were partners?"

"Briefly. Same department for a while. Partners briefly. Before I left."

Rosa could see that the subject wasn't something the ranger was particularly willing to share - and poking probably wasn't going to do any good so instead she just nodded and handed him the instant coffee.

"He said you could get this tested."

"Thank you. Hopefully we can figure out exactly what - if anything - Hanstead put in this. He didn't give you anything else right?"

"Nope that's all."

"And you haven't experienced any effects?"

"I haven't drunk any - but my partners did, and she didn't feel any different."

"I guess he's sloppy as well as crooked."

"Where is your partner by the way?"

"Sleeping - she had night watch."

"And you got tonight?"

Now it was Rosa's turn to hesitate - was it a bad decision to say yes if he was a bad guy as well - did it make a difference what she said?

Christianson broke the silence by nodded and opening the car door before turning back to Rosa.

"I'm sorry you two got mixed up in all this. It's not right to be playing away from home and discover your teammate playing for the other team."

He climbed into the driver’s seat and turned the keys before Rosa laid her crossed arms on the windowsill.

"I got watch tonight."

Christianson smiled and nodded towards the bed of the truck.

"Go get your supplies before we forget them".

@@---------

Unloading the extra water and food didn't take Rosa long but she was starting to feel her bladder straining when she had to stretch to reach something or lift the water jugs.

When everything was off the truck, and she'd waved goodbye to Ranger Christianson she looked at her timer.

43:13

Rosa nodded satisfied and went back to the camping chair settling in with and audiobook and opened a soda.

@@-------

When the audiobook changed chapter Rosa paused it and looked at the timer again

1:55:20

Rosa wasn't as happy as earlier. It wasn't critical yet, but her bladder was uncomfortably full. It was a long way to the 4-ish hours she'd expected.

As it was still only around 9:30 there hadn't been more than a couple of people through the picnic area, and she figured a quick trip down there to look for anything she missed last night was probably worth the effort. And it could distract her from her bladder - not that she needed it.

Rosa made her way down to the picnic area without any problems and couldn't help but notice that the ground under one of the tables was still darker that under the others.

Rosa spent awhile looking around the area where the dufflebag had been, and where the car had parked but didn't find anything useful.

She got a picture of the tire tracks that was still in good condition, but she had already given the make, model, and plate to Jeffords.

Confident there wasn't anything else to find Rosa sat down on one of the picnic benches and looked at her phone.

2:20:39

Rosa crossed her legs under the table, her bladder was really feeling heavy now. Maybe the 3 sodas she drank while listening to the audiobook wasn't the best idea.

Then Rosa noticed footsteps sounding like they were coming towards the clearing, and she felt adrenalin starting to run through her body.

Luckily it wasn't needed as what came into view from the road wasn't Hanstead or the couple who picked up the cash but instead was 2 hikers.

"Oh man did they move it?" The man said when they came into the picnic area.

"I thought you said you knew they'd be here?" The woman

Though they were a couple it wasn't the couple from last night, Rosa's instressed still piqued. They might be looking for something related to the case, so she listened in to their discussion even though they tried to keep it in hushed tones.

"They were here last time!"

"I don't care about last time; I care about now!"

"I'm sorry, but I really thought they'd be here."

"You get on your phone and find where they moved it, I'll go ask her if she knows!"

Rosa pretended to scroll though her phone as the woman walked towards the picnic table she was sat at. Interest absolutely piqued, adrenalin once again ran through her body. If they were looking for something related to the case this could be a problem? an opportunity? both?

"Hey, I'm sorry to bother you" The woman said when she reached the table.

"What's up?" Rosa looked up at her.

"It's just - my boyfriend - he was certain that there was some, facilities here."

Rosa noticed the woman had crossed her legs and was bouncing slightly up and down.

"But evidently he was wrong. Do you happen to know where they are?"

Rosa's adrenalin subsided and her detective interested dipped, but she couldn't help but feel bad for the poor woman.

"Oh, sorry. But as far as I know there aren't any in this area of the park."

The woman clearly wasn't doing too well, cause the news caused her to rearrange her trousers. Rosa suspected she wanted to hold her crotch but didn't want to do it in front of a stranger.

"Fuck" she sighed and turn around to walk back towards her partner, who was still hunched over his phone trying to find a solution.

"Thank you"

"Hey, it's probably not my place to ask - but you could probably find somewhere private behind a bush.”

The woman stopped and turned around with a defeated look on her face.

"It's just - I'd probably need someone to help me balance, and we've never peed in front of each other"

“I could help?” Rosa suggested even as her bladder protested. If they were going behind a bush it was to pee not to help someone else pee and have to listen to them first, but Rosa was determined to reach the 4-hour mark, so she had no intention on joining in.

The woman looked uncomfortable with the idea but Rosa could see she was considering it, and after a moment she nodded.

“Thanks I wouldn’t normally but I really gotta pee!” She said and turned back to the man

“Stef, we’re going into the bushes! Could you walk ahead!”

Rosa got up from the bench and started walking towards the forest. The woman quickly passed her powerwalking ahead with a hand in her crotch. Almost as soon as they passed the first couple of bushes she stopped and started undoing her trousers.

Luckily it was timed so well that as soon as Rosa reached her, she pulled her trousers down, squatted and extended her hand, which Rosa caught to keep her balanced. This position however meant that Rosa was standing right in front of her and couldn’t help but notice the large wet spot of the woman’s panties. She’d definitely been more desperate than Rosa suspected.

Rosa’s bladder however kept reminding her that she should also really consider squatting out here as soon as the woman was done. Unfortunately for all involved nothing happened.

“Sorry. Just a bit pee-shy” The woman said after a moments of silence.

“How long have you guys been together?”

“Huh? Oh, me and Stef? Almost a year. This trip was actually, his part of our anniversary da-“

The woman was cut off by her bladder finally giving in and she started peeing. The stream was quite slow to begin but quickly grew into something that more sounded like a pressure washer. Rosa was pretty sure the woman was fighting to not make any noises because of the relief, but her own bladder wasn’t shy about making her needs known and Rosa had to press her legs together until the woman’s stream ended.

“Thank you.” She sighed as she wiggled her body and stood up.

Rosa let go of her hands and turned back toward the picnic area.

“You’re welcome. Happy to help.”

When she emerged to the clearing, she was happy to see no one else there, it seemed Stef had indeed walked ahead a bit. Rosa took the moment to undo the top of her jeans. Her own needs were starting to get pretty bad. She got her timer out again.

2:30:13

“Fuck”

*016*2024-01-03 11:50

Rosa slowly walked back up the path she had used on her walk of shame last night. Though she was quite skilled at hiding emotions and feelings, anyone who gave her more than a passing glance would notice her walk was a bit more stiff than usual. The drinks and watching the woman’s relief was really starting to do a number on her ill-disciplined bladder.

Rosa cursed under her breath as she walked into the clearing of the camp. Amy was nowhere to be seen, probably still fast asleep. Rosa was completely free to squat behind a tree or bush, or in front of it, or anywhere really, as her bladder was sure to remind her. Rosa pushed the notion aside. She was the in control, not anyone or anything else.

She walked back over to the camping chair and tried to get comfortable, which proved to be a challenging as she stubbornly refused to cross her legs. Instead, she had to adjust her position every couple of minutes.

As a wave tried pushing its way out, Rosa had to bite her lip and press her legs together very tightly. Almost giving over to the urge to cross them. A couple of moments of extreme focus went by before the pressure subsided enough for Rosa to relax a bit. She looked at the timer.

3:02:46

Rosa sighed. For the first time in a long while she was concerned about reaching her goals. Rosa relented and crossed her legs in the chair. Better to lose the battle and win the war.

She put her headphones back in. But the audiobook wasn’t particularly interesting, so she switched to music. That only meant that her restless foot started wiggling in somewhat of a rhythm.

Rosa tried focusing on the events of the stakeout so far. Making connections, finding details in her memory. This finally helped distract her somewhat as there still was a lot of unknowns, did Hanstead have anyone else flipped, would there be anything happening tonight, and what was with that coffee Amy had drunk?

Rosa was pulled back to reality as she noticed her crotch was warmer than earlier. Taken aback by the implication of this she jerked and looked down at herself not knowing what to expect. To her relief – or perhaps lack of – it was just her hand that had crept between her legs that had created the sensation.

Feeling the pressure, she decided to keep her hand where it was for now, though she felt ridiculous. Her other hand felt her abdomen which could probably fool most people to believe she was beginning to show a pregnancy. Rosa almost considered taking a picture to show Amy, but she figured it wouldn’t get the reaction Rosa wanted. She allowed herself a moment of pride in her ability to hold liquids.

But even her walls weren’t going to hold on forever, and sitting didn’t seem like it was doing her any favors anymore. Rosa slowly got to her feet, her hand still jammed in her crotch. She almost reached for the timer but decided against it as it wasn’t going any faster if she kept checking it.

Instead, Rosa started walking, not anywhere in particular, just around the camp. It wasn’t long before her walk became more of a moving pee-dance. She counted herself lucky that Amy was sound asleep as the privacy of the secluded camp was the only reason she allowed herself to act so ridiculous.

Another lap of the camp and another wave pressuring her bladder, forced her to jam both hands into her jeans and press back on her panties. When most of the pressure subsided, Rosa allowed herself a moment of pride, she could feel her panties was still dry, or at least dry were it counted. With all the work she’d put into holding, she had built up a bit of a bit of a sweat.

Another couple of laps each added to the flood and it wasn’t long until her steps were accompanied by whimpers, moans, curses and lip-biting. Few every now and then at first and slowly more and more frequent before each step became a struggle that started with a sharp intake of breath and the feeling of sloshing liquid and ended with a whimper when Rosa put her foot down.

And then they stopped. Rosa stood frozen on the spot, hands jammed into her jeans, legs crossed seemingly multiple places and struggling to control her breathing.

Then in the blink of an eye Rosa pulled her jeans and panties out of the way as a torrent appeared from her. The waterfall-like sounds filled the silence of the forest even before Rosa had squatted completely. Rosa allowed herself to moan as sigh of relief as she looked down at the dirt beneath her. The lose dirt on top got thrown away from the point of impact revealing rocks underneath which sprayed pee in all directions. Rosa could feel the warm liquid hitting her exposed privates and see her shoes and jean ends get more and more wet.

###

In her tent Amy was awoken from her sleep by a weird sound. Was it raining? Or a car engine? She could quite place it, but she didn’t have long to ponder before her bladder rudely reminded her that it hadn’t been emptied before she crawled into her tent.

“That’s your own fault” Amy though as she pressed her legs together.

