Her 21st birthday wetting

Author: Yellowrocket

*000*2026-02-09 01:39

Her name is Lara. I stunningly beautiful 21 year old woman. Caucasian with chestnut brown hair and brown eyes.

“Are you excited?” Asked Lara’s older sister, Alisha.

”For what?” Lara replied.

”you can finally legally drink now!”

”This isn’t my first time drinking Alisha.”

“But this is your first legal drink!”

”What ever…”

The girls pulled up to their cousins house for Lara birthday party.

The party is made up by 11 people. Not including Lara and Alisha. But the stand outs is 28 year old Craig (The girls cousin and host of the party), 23 year old Robert, 18 year old Sarah, 31 year old Max (Craig best friend), and 24 year old Lexi (Craig’s wife).

“Happy birthday!” Yelled out the group.

“thank you everyone!” Lara was already feeling the urge to pee but decided to hold it.

”Happy birthday Lara.” Said Max.

”yeah, happy birthday. Have a drink!” Lexi gave Lara a can of Beer.

Sara tried to sneak a sip when everyone was focused on Lara.

“No you don’t. Not yet” said Craig.

Lara feels strange about the attention. As a late bloomer. She was far from the center of attention. She was a dork as a teenager. But now a beautiful yet shy young woman.

”I got to pee. I’ll be back.” Lara tried to break off from the group to pee. But bumped into Sarah trying to sneak an another beer.

“what are you doing?”

”Come on, Lara. You drink before you turned 21 too.” Said 18 blond hair and blue eyed year old Sara

”It’s over rated Sarah. You ain’t missing anything.”

Crossed her leg. “Wow I got to pee.”

A group of guys came in and pushed the birthday girl back into the dining room.

“I got to pee guys.”

”You can hold it!” Said Graig.

After dinner and some drinking. The group played some games. Eventually truth or dare.

Max said “Craig, I dare you to stand on your head!”

Craig fell over after several attempts.

Alisha made a fool of herself trying to balance several cans on her head.

Sara, “Max, what is your worst fear.”

”Being burned to death.” Max replied.

Lara is visibly desperate to pee at this point,

Lara finally had a chance to ask someone Truth or Dare. “Sara, when was the last time you got a spanking?”

Sara hot blushed with red, “oh no, 16…”

Sara’s turn. “Lexi, what is your most embarrassing thing that happened to you?”

”I used to wet the bed as a kid”

Lara thought to herself she wished they didn’t say anything about pee. As she is about to burst.

Max turn. He noticed Lara is struggling not to pee. Lexi admitted wetting the bed gave him an idea for a dare. “Lara, I dare you to wet your pants!”

Lara faced turned red with the idea of. But the rest of the party was open to it.

Lara thought she needed to pee so bad that she didn’t really care anymore. Or maybe she just drunk to care.

The party pushed Lara to the corner of the room. Lexi put some puppy pads on the floor for her to stand on. Lara kicked off her boots as the group laughed at her.

”Shut up guys. I need to concentrate…”

Lara thought to herself. “ can’t believe I’m doing this. It’s not like I peed myself before. I just never done it in front of anyone.”

Lara said to the party. “It’s coming out. I’m peeing!” The free flowing piss flowing through Lara blue panties, and running down the legs of Lara tight jeans felt so good she couldn’t hide the relief on her face.

Max had to hide his boner as he is deeply turned on by Lara peeing herself.

Sara turn. “Truth or dare, Lara?”

”Truth.”

Sara asked “How did that feel?”

”I been holding it for hours. Peeing felt so good.”

The party laughed and moved on to the next thing. Max disappeared into the bathroom.

Lara enjoyed it so much she felt turned on.

Lara jeans dried off enough for Alisha to let her in the car. “It’s time to take the wet birthday girl home.”

Lara got home and stumbled drunkenly to her room. She stripped down to her blue bra and pissed soaked panties. She flopped into her bed. Still feeling turned on by the feeling of relief and embarrassment of peeing her pants in front of everyone. She masturbated through her wet panties. She finished and finally past out drunk. Her bladder betrayed her and emptied itself into her already soaked parties and bed.

The End

