My weakness is...

Author: yeshhh

*000*2017-02-23 01:13

May 21, 2016

My weakness....ha my weakness is that i care to much for others hehe...but so little for myself...always being drunk and feeling down...ive offered so many my hand due to compasion being in my nature...my scars reminding me the past is real...

But this isnt a sob story...as much as i go around passing a depressive aura...ive had enough...and its time...kat writes down in her journal as she stands up and ties the rope around her neck as tight as she can. She kicks the stool and feels the tight rope go to work. Everything around her fades to black as she smiles lightly.

Her past begins to go into play flashing before her eyes...all forms of abuse caused by her mother. Her father knowing about this and still decides to walk out. Sequences shes witnessed in her life causes her to start to weep. When she was 12 and had her first heartbreak. Kevin warner, her first true love. Due to past personal experiences with family kat was already depressed around school and just everywhere.

He knew every little detail about kat's life. Her mother being her never truly having a innocent child hood. How she always woke up every morning to see her mother popping multiple pills at a time, non prescription thats all she knew. Every reason for her depression. He knew.

She trusted him worth her life, i mean didnt everyone with their first love? To her it was more than that. No one liked her, no one actually showed care for her except for this one single person. After ten happy happy months. Kats depression started to fade he made her so happy and secure with herself. She even stopped cutting and smoking pot. Untill that happy ever after bullsh*t ended instantly. He just decided she was old news.

That day she was shown how the true world is. He broke up with her and listed every reason on how it was her fault how he just couldnt stand each time how she needed his attention twenty four seven. Messed up part about this statement he said was she had the note, she kept every single note theyve passed, where he stated exactly how he loves clingy. He told her how shes just always to sad how his feelings for her just...disappeared.

Kat...handled this horribly. Most kids would get over this in a week, maybe two. Kat was sent spiraling into a even more depressed figure. Instead of a cut or two a night ot turned into five or six gashes. Each time she was thinking of suicide or anything. Regret, loneliness, etc. She always made the mistake of coming to him after the break up. Due to it being a habit, she always went to him. He always helped.

Only this time, he didnt. He did the exact opposite. He told her exactly how thats the reason he doesnt want anything to do with her anymore. Which made her depression even worse. He used her own insecurities against her. She got so bad it was to the point where she had a knife to her wrists and told him she was gonna do it. So he wouldnt have to burden herself anymore. Her heart crushed even more. Seeing him reply do it then bi*tch. She remebers how easily the blade sliced through her wrist. How deep she cut and everything. Her first ever...suicide attempt.

She remebered surviving due to her mother calling 911. Waking up in that hospital bed was the worst feeling ever. Her mother screaming at her each chance she got. Saying how f*cking retard she was. How she should've made her father pull out.

All of this. Didnt phaze her any, she was left emotionless. Feeling no emotion but sadness and lonesomeness. Her vision softly slides to the second part of her life. Starting a new high school. Fifteen years old being the same person she always had been. No one caring for her and her caring for no one else.

She was bullied by so many people with her scars. She got in so many fights. If you would even call it that. She never fought back, always allowing them to do whatever to her. Even if that was infact embarrassing herself in front of the all her classmates.

She remembers precisely one of her biggest bullies Cristina Pollard. Each time kat would try to go to the bathroom and Cristina would be there. It'd always end up a mess. Litterly.

One time kat had to do a science presentation in front of mainly the whole school. Before she went up to present she had to use the bathroom. Badly. Due to nervousness and fear. As she walked into the girls bathroom about to burst, since there was a long line outside.

She found out quickly that she wasn't alone. As soon as she got into a stall her bully Christina was right there smiling deviously at her. She begged and pleaded for Christina to let her use the bathroom. Christina otherwise had another idea and shoved kat into a wall, making kats bowels release a little. Having herself feeling her bowels pressing lightly against her panties, not fully out yet.

In this short burst of events ofe had even worse luck since her name just got called. Her bully took this as an advantage and dragged kat infront of everyone to present. Kat tried to improvise but her bodly functions said otherwise and as she started presenting the crotch of her pants starting darkening. Her bowels emptying slightly afterwards. Everyone knew what happened due to her wearing elastic tight pants. Embarrassed she ran home in her soiled clothing. Crying in hysterics.

Days went by after this happened. Her bullies got worse and worse. Took her weakness as an advantageadvantage. The rest of her tenth grade went by with her never not going a day where she didnt piss or soil herself. Causing everyone to look at her as a big baby. Since no one knew it was Christina and her gang.

Kat tried to get smart one day and wore a diaper...but christina instantly knew and pulled kats down in the hallway. Causing everyone to see kat in a diaper. Justifying kat being a big baby.

Kat liked this feeling weirdly though. The softness of a diaper and the humiliation. It was different then wetting or soiling her panties. So she continued to wear them.

Kats vision slowly fades past the good times only reflecting bad times. Her past is what made her who she is today. 20 always depressed highly suicidal and into ABDL. She asks herself daily. What has her life come too?...

*001*2017-02-23 01:16

If anyone wants this to continue tell me...if i get enough votes i just might post another. Im trying a new approach seemingly easier for me. Tell if you like please. ;)

Honestly most of this story is true expect for the wetting sequences. Ive always been a depressed suicidal egomaniac, from when i was just hitting middle school to now, ive just accepted this is who i am and theres no changing it. Enough about me like i said tell if you want more and like how this is going :)

