Nightmare

Author: Yakimaki05

*000*2024-07-14 13:15

Alastor decided to sleep for the first time in a LOT of time, maybe the battle with Adam left him tired?

Or maybe he's just realizing that staying up all night has his conscience?

Nah, anyway he's going to sleep.

He puts on a pair of pajamas with a bathrobe, and lies down on the bed he created with the snap of his fingers.

Your eyes close and...

He's fighting Adam? again!?

- What is wrong?

You look like a deer in headlights hahaha

Adam says laughing with his guitar/gun in hand.

Alastor trembles, no, not again, what is happening? Is this some kind of looping punishment that they will live with from now on?

Adam attacks, he avoids in fear, his body shakes and he feels trapped.

Adam attacks, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, and AGAIN.

It's tiring, he owes everything, but even so he can't help but pant with fear and anxiety of what the next attack will be.

He turns around and then before he knows it Adam is grabbing him by the neck and lifting him up.

His cane falls down and he begins to use both hands to try to free himself from Adam.

- What a stupid thing you are!

Did you really thought that a sinner could simply beat the dick master?

Alastor chokes from lack of air, it's horrible, he can't even speak properly.

Adam squeezes Al's neck, making him almost break, Alastor feels his legs shaking, is he going to die?

Adam pulls out the guitar, and places it next to Alastor's heart. Al whimpers quietly, this can't be happening...

Instead of killing him all at once, he pulls out the guitar and positions it inside Al's thighs, a small cut is made on his legs, he can feel the heat of the warm blood running down his leg.

He writhes in pain, a small relief passes through him but he has no idea why, this isn't pleasurable...

Adam cuts several parts of his body while Al feels all the blood slowly passing through his legs, why relief is coursing through his body!?

He will die!

Someone tell this to his hormones!

A small cut is made on his neck, he trembles, because he still feels blood running down his legs!?

Adam apparently gets tired of the game, so he looks Al in the eye with superiority.

- By by bambi~

And he sticks the guitar in Al's stomach, he can feel all the blood running down his legs, this is much more than before, he's going to die he's sure about that.

He feels his eyes closing, everything going black...

He feels like he's falling asleep...

Then he wakes up in his bed, he reaches his arms and chest, lita's bruise is still there but everything else is gone, phew, goi just a bad dream, he can deal with i-

Then he notices a heat beneath him, he slowly lifts the sheets to check...

Pee... he...

HE PEED ON THE BED!?

HOW OLD IS HE!? 7!?

He checks the time on the clock, 1 am.

He only slept for an hour!?

That's why he doesn't sleep, how humiliating!

So the feeling of relief and the blood flowing was... Ahhhhhhh how embarrassing it sounds like a child dreaming that they are using the potty and I end up wetting the bed!

He gets up and tries to use his fingers to change, but he can't, it must be nervousness, it must have deactivated his powers.

What does he do now!?, if he's going to try to clean everything tomorrow morning, everyone will notice!

I already know! I'm going to throw blood on my clothes and say that I went for a snack and ended up getting blood on it!

Ah, who am I kidding?

No one will believe that HE let food fall into bed...

He takes a deep breath and decides, he's going to take a shower and clean it up right now, so that no one notices! it's going to be easy, right?

He goes to the hidden bathroom in the room and takes a shower and puts on his usual clothes.

Then he takes the sheets and slowly leaves the room with them to the laundry room.

He slowly puts the sheets in the sink and starts thinking about how he's going to wash them, he doesn't remember the last time he washed clothes, he normally just snaps his fingers and everything becomes new.

Maybe he should-

- Alastor?

Al freezes, he gets that voice, he slowly turns around to find the hot bartender with a bottle of beer in his hand and looking at him like he's a I confess ghost.

He blushes slightly, but the dark of the night doesn't make it very obvious.

- What are you doing here Al?

I never saw you in the laundry,

Alastor trembles, what is he going to say now?

That he got lost? Who's going to check the place out? Who went for a walk around the hotel because he couldn't sleep?

As he thinks this, Husk approaches and sees the sheets in the sink.

- Puff, what is that?

Wet the bed and now have you come to wash the sheets?

Alastor freezes again, either Husk is very good at reading people, or he just made the most accurate joke in the world.

Alastor blushes even more, none of his excuses are going to work now.

Husk watches Al getting more and more nervous, this puts some sense of protection in him.

- Wait...

It is serious?

You really-

Alastor's face is enough of an answer for him to know exactly what happened.

- ...

Owwww, I never thought this would happen to you...

Are you okay buddy?

Alastor is NOT ok, he is on the verge of tears.

- Look, you don't have to tell me anything if you don't want to, but if you do, maybe I can help you?

You know, I know you're a bad boss and a difficult person to deal with, but I-

Husk looks at Alastor in the eyes, is he... crying? His ears are flat, he's shaking, and he looks down like he wants to sink into the ground and never be found again.

This does something to Husk, he just drops the beer bottle in the sink and flies a little to hug Al.

Alastor simply accept the hug, not hugging back, but he gets down on his knees and Husk gets down with him to continue the hug.

- I-I'm just-

I don't know h-how it happened I swear!

Alastor says through tears that flow uncontrollably from his eyes.

- Shh shh it's okay, it was an accident, accidents happen.

- B-but... but, I'm an OverLord!

I don't...

What will others think!?

- Don't pay attention to that, he won't know, okay?

- You are not going to-?...

- OFC not, I'm not that cruel, calm down I won't tell anyone.

Alastor sighs with a little relief, at least some of his dignity will remain.

- Now you can cry all you want, when it's over we'll clean everything up and everything will be fine, okay?

Alastor simply returned the hug, and they stayed there for several minutes...

