Selva / "Jungle"

Author: yure16

*000*2013-05-12 17:28

- Seems like the rain stopped – said Sérica.

The cats left the cave. It was morning.

- Well, that's good – said Guino. - After all, it surely wouldn't rain forever.

Bolico was the last one to leave; he had a strong tendency to oversleep.

- Someone needs to look for food – said Sérica.

- Who gave you leadership? - asked Guino.

- Well, is there anyone here willing to be leader?

No one answered.

- So, that would be me – Sérica said, giving a sarcastic smile. - Plus, I'm the oldest in the group. I don't owe you explanations, twerp.

Sérica messed with Guino's head-fur, enraging the smaller cat. Meanwhile, Mático looked around, searching for potential preys. They were in front of the cave they spent the night in. In the surroundings, tall trees, loaded with fruits. But fruits are uninteresting for felines. Those cats would, inevitably, give their first steps in the hunting territory, which once was a responsibility of their parents.

Bolico, however, had other worries: his bladder was so full that it ached. After being abandoned and finding his new friends, he had no chance to relieve himself. He first felt the urge the night before, but, being shy and scared, couldn't urinate in front of unknown cats nor walk away and use a bush in the jungle.

Explicit Content
Discreetly, he squeezed his penis (none of the members of the old tribe used any clothes), whimpering to himself, hoping that, when the group split to hunt, he could have some privacy.
- Alright – said Sérica. - We will hunt in pairs. Mommy used to do it that way.

- Who with who? - Guino asked.

Sérica looked at Mático, who was still silent, looking around. He seemed competent.

- I'm going with him – Sérica pointed at Mático.

Mático eyed Sérica and nodded.

- Then I'm going with the plump one! - said Guino, approaching to Bolico and giving his neck a friendly hug with one arm.

Bolico's plans of having privacy were already being boycotted and the hunt didn't even start.

The group splits. Bolico and Guino ventured inside the jungle. Bolico was very uncomfortable; his bladder was heavy and distended. He rubbed his paw over it and felt like he would explode. It was like having a balloon full of water, liquid that moved from side to side at every pace. Bolico grabbed his small shame again and stopped walking for some seconds. Guino noticed.

- Something wrong, dude? - he asked.

- No... I'm fine... - Bolico lied.

- Really? - Guino approached to Bolico. - Looks like you are hurting somewhere.

- I'm fine, no joke – Bolico assured, even if his posture suggested the opposite.

Guino knew that something was wrong, but decided to trust his friend. Guino then felt his own bladder demand relief. Shameless, Guino simply turned to the side, put himself in position and began to release his urine on the sand trail they were walking, right in front of Bolico. The scent of urine rose to the poor and desperate fat cat's nostrils and the teasing sight of urine fleeing from his friend's bladder made all his muscles contract, both the ones that urged Bolico to allow himself relief and the ones that kept tight locked out of shame.

- Ah, how nice it is to take a leak, don't you agree? - asked Guino to his friend.

Guino's satisfied smile almost disappeared when the urination ended, leaving a vestigial smirk. Bolico looked at the puddle being absorbed by the sand, still in a repressing position. “I need a place for myself right now!”, he thought, “I can't do it in front of him, not with the same neutrality he did in front of me”.

- Hey, Guino... - said Bolico, ready to make up another lie.

- Yes? - Guino asked, looking at his friend.

Bolico's eyes spotted a small drip of pee on Guino's pride.

Bolico squirmed a little more, fighting for control.

He was almost completely bent, holding his small thing as if holding his dignity, his face showing nothing but pain.

- I confess I don't feel good... - Bolico continued.

- I knew it – Guino smiled, too busy tasting the fact that he was right to feel empathy for Bolico. - What do you feel?

Guino then noticed Bolico's paw holding his shame.

- Ah, you... want to “play down there”? - Guino asked.

- What? - Bolico yelled. - No!

- Hey, hey, calm down! Forgive me... I didn't know you were so shy – Guino noticed he had said something stupid. - I mean, of course, of course not...

Bolico became too embarrassed to continue. He pulled his paw off his dripping faucet and assumed the most erect position he could.

- You know what? I'm fine enough to hunt... I'll take care of this later... - Bolico said.

- If you say so... - Guino kicked some sand over the mark his urine left and resumed walking.

Bolico growled to himself and rubbed his underbelly. It was full, rigid and extremely uncomfortable.

Needless to say that Bolico's situation worsened by the second. His efforts in not showing weakness only made his mission harder. His bladder grew and his sphincter, obviously, weakened.

Once in a while, he had to squeeze his small faucet to prevent something from escaping. He felt his modesty become more and more humid at every unsuccessful contraction from his bladder.

The disaster seemed imminent. His vow of looking “presentable” eventually fell and he resumed his shameless crotch grabbing.

Guino climbed up and down on trees, looking for any preys. Birds and rats would be great candidates. Suddenly, the sound of running water hit the sensitive ears of both cats. A river! The possibility of filling his tummy with fish distracted Bolico from his fight for some seconds, but the sound of the river reminded him of his sad situation once the excitement ended.

The two friends followed the sound until they reached a calm river. The sound of crystal-clean water hitting the rocks was funny and, in fact, several fishes crossed the river constantly, not to mention the river was shallow.

- It's our chance! - Guino jumped on the rocks and, from rock to rock, arrived at the center of the river.

The river was shallow enough for him to walk there, but Guino really didn't like getting wet, which is expected from felines. Bolico experienced frequent contractions, grabbing himself mercilessly. He sat under a tree while he forced himself to watch his friend grab fishes from the river. The sound of water reached his ears and made him think about everything you couldn't think in a situation like that: how good it would be to release your urine, tickling your insides, easing the pain you felt and making that same funny noise the river did. Bolico started to picture himself urinating in the river, watching his personal stream join those pleasant waters he watched at that moment. The tempting images that came in his mind seemed to come by themselves and Bolico had no willpower to stop them. He started to squirm again, pulling his knees close to his chest, still grabbing himself with both paws. His urine sloshed from side to side to adapt to Bolico's new position and, every time his bladder contracted and threatened to force Bolico to release, he felt intense shivers, like those we feel when we urinate. His body reminded him of how good he would feel if he let go the contents of his bladder, even if some urine that was already released and was stuck in the urethra, between the sphincter and Bolico's tight grasp, warned him that soon the decision of having relief or not would not be up to him.

Guino was distracted. Would he notice if Bolico sneaked off? After all, the place seemed desert. Bolico had to try... He got up and, when he did, couldn't stand erect; his bladder hurt so much that staying bent over seemed to be the best position to be. Bolico quickly jumped behind a bush, without making noise. He squatted down and sighed. Finally, relief. Sweet relief.

He let the urine go, the strong almost-completely-clear-yellow jet hit the ground. Of course, it didn't make the noise he thought it would do, but still. He smiled, even if shaking with the possibility of being caught in the middle of such intimate moment. The urine washed his insides and sent him shivers through his whole body. It was a long jet that needed to be expelled since last night! The scent rose and Bolico delighted himself with the smell of fresh urine, his own fresh urine. For him, it was a party of marvelous sensations that he never took time to reflect about. He was exhausted from holding his pee for so long and letting it go, after all the things he had to go through, was like a reward for meeting a finish line. It was, indeed, an athletic effort. Feeling adventurous, Bolico put his hand-paws over his bladder and felt it deflate, becoming smalled under his touch. Finally, the jet ended. There was a huge puddle under Bolico's feet-paws. It was warm and Bolico idled there, in the same position, for some minutes, enjoying the warmth. He got up when he was fully satisfied, leaving behind the bush a puddle of already cold urine.

Relieved, Bolico sat under the tree again and watching his friend bring the fishes to the margin, one after another. Once the job seemed to be done, Guino and Bolico started to eat their share.

- Hey, go call the others here so they can eat as well – Guino suggested, with his mouth full of raw fish.

Bolico nodded and got up, walking back to the cave. On the way, he reflected about what he have done. He went through a great discomfort because of his shyness and knew that most of that discomfort was unnecessary. But he couldn't magically overcome his embarrassment towards his own bodily functions. Deep inside, he knew that situations like that would repeat over and over due to his bashfulness.
