Omovember day 3 (Gratsu)

Author: YaBoiSilzma

*000*2017-06-22 10:11

Omovember day 3: Relieving Themselves in the Woods

It was a beautiful sunny day and Natsu and Happy had nothing planned; so, naturally, they decided it would be nice to go fishing. It had been a while since they had last done it after all. Natsu packed their stuff while Happy sings a happy song about fish and fishing.

They leave and sit down at their usual spot, away from any civilization; yet not all that far from where they lived.

They sat in peace and caught some fish and enjoyed the silence around them as they sat there for hours. After an hour or four, Natsu felt his bladder indicating he needed to find a bathroom before he got desperate. “Hey Happy, how about we go home? I’m getting a bit tired,” Natsu lied. He could have easily relieved himself behind some bushes or something being a guy, but Natsu had never liked relieving himself out in the open where anyone could see him. When he was just a kid with Igneel it had never mattered to him, but now he felt wary to do so.

But Happy whined “But Natsu, we barely caught anything yet. Can’t we stay a little longer?” the little blue cat asked with those cute eyes that Natsu had never been able to resist and Natsu gave in. He ruffled the exceed’s head and said “Okay, a little longer.”

But an hour, and a few big fishes later; Natsu’s bladder was heavy and filled up to the brink. Natsu tried his best not to squirm or hold himself, but just sitting staring at the water and hear it stream made his situation only worse. He had his legs pressed tight against each other.

“Happy,” he said quietly “Can we go home now? I really, really need to use the bathroom…” he admitted shyly . Happy laughed and said “Why didn’t you just say so if you needed to use the bathroom? We’ve got enough fish now anyway.”

Natsu sighed, he would soon be able to relieve himself. He got up and took the fish while Happy took their stuff and only now noticed how bad it actually was. With gravity working in on his bladder now too, he really felt ready to wet himself.

They made their way towards their home. It wasn’t far, but Natsu was walking a bit oddly; trying to push his legs together as he walked since he couldn’t hold himself now he was holding the fish.

Happy worriedly looked over to his best friend. He knew Natsu could’ve just gone somewhere in the woods to relieve himself since he was a guy, but Happy also knew that Natsu didn’t like to go somewhere where he could be seen.

Walking was getting harder and harder for Natsu though, he just felt so full. If he could just go… Why did he drink that tea this morning, he wouldn’t have been so desperate if it hadn’t been for that…

He looked around, he could easily go somewhere behind a tree or something but he didn’t want to do that; he wanted to hold it until they got home and then just relieve himself in the bathroom.

But they were only halfway and Natsu found it harder to keep all this liquid contained than he had ever found it. He had never before in his life been this desperate.

Just this one second of spacing out had been fatal, cause Natsu could feel a few drops slip out and moisten his underwear. He concentrated so hard on regaining control again, but he could feel a few more drops escape and he knew he needed to go now or he would wet himself.

Natsu threw the fish to the side and jammed his hands into his crotch as he ran a little further into the forest to relieve himself.

Natsu struggled a bit with his zipper and got frustrated. When the zipper finally went down, he didn’t waste any time to whip out his cock from his underwear. Right when it was out, Natsu could feel his bladder give in and he sighed in relief as he could feel the liquid stream out of his tired bladder on the ground.

Happy could hear the relieved sigh coming from the pinket and the sound of liquid hitting the fallen leaves. He giggled to himself; he couldn’t believe that Natsu didn’t tell him he needed to pee because he didn’t want to let him down.

When Natsu returned, he was blushing; probably embarrassed of what he had just done. He picked up the fish again and started walking in the direction of their house. Natsu giggled and of course had to tease the pinket about what had happened for the rest of their walk home.

