VR Horror Leads to Wetting (Part 1)

Author: yodo

*000*2020-10-24 10:29

Amber and Madison were babies when it came to horror games, but they each loved watching the other play them. Amber had recently bought a VR headset and controllers, and the girls were itching to play the newly released Terrifying Turns, which puts players into a horror-filled maze. They agreed that Madison would play first on one condition: if she could play for three hours without stopping, Amber would have to finish the game. If Madison couldn't play three hours without stopping, she would have to finish the game.

Madison arrived at Amber's house dressed comfortably, wearing a loose white t-shirt and dark gray leggings. She had brought a bottle of vodka with her. She thought the game would be easier to handle drunk. The girls headed to Amber's room. After a few shots, Madison began the game. Amber started a timer.

Half an hour in, Madison was already terrified. Amber was sitting back in her desk chair, drinking and loving the sight of her friend twisting, turning, and shrieking. "I'm getting a great view of your nice bubble butt from here."

"Jealous?"

"Maybe."

"Well quit staring and bring me another shot."

Amber poured a shot of vodka for Madison.

"You're going to have to feed it to me. I don't want to unstrap these controllers from my hands."

Amber tipped the vodka into Madison's mouth. "You better be careful," Amber said. "Too much liquid and you'll have to pee."

"Yeah, I already gotta go a little, but I can hold it. How much longer I got?"

"Two and a half hours."

"What?! It hasn't even been an hour?!"

Amber laughed. "You're free to take a break. You'll just have to finish the game."

"No way."

Madison had been playing for an hour and half and was fidgeting slightly. She asked for another shot.

"Are you serious?"

"Just a little one."

"I don't want you peeing on my floor."

"Oh my god. I'm a big girl, Ambi. I can hold it."

Ambi was thinking about it.

"Come on," Madison begged. "I can't play this sober."

"You're not sober."

"Pleeeeeease."

Amber conceded and tipped more vodka into Madison's mouth.

Half an hour later, Madison's desperation was obvious. Her thighs were pressed together and she was avoiding any unnecessary movement. "How much longer?"

"An hour."

"You're joking."

"You can check your play time yourself."

Madison checked. "Fuck."

"Yep, and actually, I've gotta go to the bathroom." Amber left the room to pee. Madison screamed when she returned.

"You just scared the shit out of me! Do you have open doors so loud?!" She was pressing her hands, and the VR controllers, into her crotch.

"Quiet down," Amber told her. "And you should've said that I scared the piss out of you. "

"Very funny."

"Because it looks like you're about to piss yourself."

"I get it."

Amber picked up the vodka bottle and began slowly pouring it into a glass. Madison pressed her thighs together tightly. "Amber. Stop. You're going to make me pee."

"Just quit and go the bathroom."

"No, I hate this game. I'm not playing it any more than I have to."

Madison slowly progressed through the game. She suddenly pressed her hands to her crotch. "You okay?" Amber asked.

"How much longer?"

"Five minutes."

"Really?"

"No, twenty-five."

"You're lying." Madison checked her play time. "Fuck!"

Amber went to the bathroom again. When she returned, she intentionally opened her bedroom door loudly. She heard a gasp and then a squeal. "You good?" Amber asked. "I'm fine," Madison replied, sounding annoyed. Amber sat down in her chair and saw a thin dark line on Madison's leggings. "Oh my god! You leaked!"

"Shut up."

Amber laughed, but she was also a little nervous. Madison was close to hitting three hours of play time.

The timer went off. The noise spooked Madison, and Amber saw more pee trickle down her thigh. The sight of Madison leaking into her leggings was a small consolation for losing the bet. Madison was breathing quickly and rushing to get the controllers off of her hands. She was reaching for the headset when she suddenly thrust her hands into her crotch and started muttering, "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck." She took about twenty seconds to recover, but she was now confident she could make it to the bathroom in time. Unfortunately, she hadn't paused the game. Something jumped out at her before she could remove the headset. She screamed and threw the VR device onto Amber's bed. Her bladder released.

Madison lifted her shirt above her waist to keep it from getting wet. Amber watched as a large wet spot formed on the bubble butt that she was admiring earlier. Madison felt warm pee running down her legs and looked down in disbelief. She then let out a long sigh. After her bladder was empty, Amber began cackling, and Madison was immediately embarrassed. "I'm going to go clean up," she said. She walked to the bathroom, cringing as her wet leggings rubbed against her skin.

Madison struggled to remove her leggings in the bathroom. After they were off, she removed the pink thong she'd been wearing underneath. She needed a shower, but she didn't have any clothes to change into. She put her thong back on, and the dampness made her shudder. She left the bathroom. She was less embarrassed now, remembering that she had won her bet with Amber.

Amber was scrubbing her carpet. She didn't mind cleaning up Madison's mess. She figured peeing yourself in front of someone was punishment enough. "Hey, can I borrow some clothes?" Madison called from the doorway.

Amber turned her head and began laughing.

Madison crossed her arms and tried to hide her embarrassment. "Keep laughing. Don't forget that you have to finish the game."

"Cute thong!" Amber said in between laughs. "It's a shame you got pee all over it!"

"You're going to be peeing yourself pretty soon."

Amber stopped laughing. "What? No, I'm not. I get breaks."

"I heard the game's only like five hours long. You can look it up. I played without breaks for three hours. You can handle two."

"Fine. Go take a shower. I'll put some clothes outside the bathroom door."

Madison turned and walked back to the bathroom. She pulled her shirt down over her bottom after she heard Amber giggling.

Amber put some clothes outside of the bathroom door and went to another bathroom to pee. She was worried about playing the final two hours of Terrifying Turns. She had been sipping vodka while Madison was playing, and she was pretty sure she couldn't go two hours without having to pee. She was also pretty sure that the game became scarier as you progressed. She wasn't sure she could finish the game without her own embarrassing accident.

*002*2020-10-24 21:26

Part 2 is up in the Padded/Omutsu Fiction section, which gives you an idea of where the story goes.

$/63100-vr-horror-leads-to-wetting-part-2/?do=embed"

