Meeting Accident (Nightmare)

Author: Yakimaki05

*000*2024-01-12 00:16

Nightmare and Error are in the meeting room solving paperwork that would take about 4 hours to finish.

Nightmare starts a needs to pee, but his pride makes him not want to tell Error, instead he pretends he doesn't need to pee at all, even if he really needs it, he wouldn't admit to Error.

Error noticed Nightmare's discomfort, his face clearly showed it.

- Nightmare...

Is it just me or you need go to the bathroom?

In spite of his pride, Nightmare's bladder filled more and more, the pressure started to grow as more and more urine filled his urethra.

- H-hmm? I'm fine...

Really, I don't need the bathroom at all.

His tone of voice sounded strained and strained, he was clearly having trouble not letting the fact that he needed to pee slip out.

After Nightmare's response, Error's eyes narrowed as he squinted

In doing so, the pupil's turned into small slits

Error's stare was now a little bit more intimidating than before.

- Serious?...

- M-m-maybe, I suppose I have a slight... pressure, in my lower regions, that is all, it's nothing...

Error's eyes widened as he took notic to the movement Nightmare just made

He started to crack up, however, he didn't want Nightmare to realise that, so he covered his laughter with a cough.

- HAHAHAHA-

Ahem- sorry

I just found it a kinda funny

You just really want to pee eh?

Why don't you go to the bathroom if it's such a challenge to keep it hidden?

- NO! I...

It's fine, don't worry about it!

I'm... fine!...

He started to look visibly annoyed at Error, he clearly would not give up on trying to hide that he needed to piss.

- Let's just get on with the work...

- Good idea Nightmare

We should probably continue our meeting.

However, he would not let Nightmare finish the meeting with a full bladder.

- So, how are you going to take care of your bathroom "non-problem"?

Error said reading some papers.

- You... you jerk! you-

I never said I have to pee!...

He tried to refuse to go, but he felt a twinge in his bladder, he needs to go, so he needs to at least make a excuse.

- I-I'm going to the bathroom because

I WANT to, not because i need to...

Jerck!...

He said, getting up from his chair and heading towards the meeting room door.

Error stands up and grabs Nightmare's arm before he leaves the room

- Well, if you don't need to go the potty, let's do the paperwork.

Nightmare was so close to finally being able to pee, but now he was so far away...

Nightmare e froze, the realization that he'd be working next to Error while he was close to pissing himself, was... mortifying, he had no choice however, as he was being dragged along by Error

He'd just have to hold his bladder i

He was good at that, wasn't he?...

Error's smirk grew wider and his eyes widened, he seemed to be pleased by Nightmare's current state of helplessness and embarrassment, he wanted Nightmare to hold it in for the entire duration of the meeting.

So, he decided that..

- What's that face Nightmare?

Since you're going to be working

@@alongside me, you won't need to do your 'business', right?

You don't even need to go to the bathroom anyway.

Nightmare narrowed his eyes, not liking Error's tone in the slightest with him speaking like that, of course, he would be the one to say something like that, he started to feel like he'd pee himself at any second, he just needed to try to focus.

Nightmare nodded, although his eyes would occasionally dart towards the bathroom door, and he would get this look of pain on his face, he was not taking this well.

Error took notice to Nightmare's glances towards the bathroom, he was enjoying this greatly.

- You look fine to me

No bathroom trips for you.

You're not even thinking about it, are you?

Error smirked, clearly not going to give Nightmare any comfort on the matter.

Nightmare kept a straight face, trying not to let any emotion slip out on his face, he was trying his hardest to pretend that he didn't feel anything, and just went back to working.

The pressure building in his bladder was so uncomfortable, it was slowly becoming painful, he could just...

@@feel the piss...

- I don't need to go to the bathroom anyway...

He said crossing his legs tightly.

Error smiled widely as Nightmare crossed his legs, he then took notice to Nightmare's voice and tone, his tone didn't sound convincing.

It sounded like Nightmare was in pain and discomfort, that pleased Error even more, he enjoyed Nightmare's suffering.

- Hey, you crossed your legs...

Why did you did that?

- For.... comfort, you, uhh...

You wouldn't understand...

Nightmare still couldn't hide his discomfort, he felt desperate to pee, the muscles in his bladder twitching a little, he wanted to let it all out, but he knew that'd embarrass him even more than he already was.

- Trust me...

I'm fine...

His tone was almost pleading at this point

A sinister smile grew large on Error's face, as he let out a giggle.

- You know, Nightmare

I can't help but think that I have you right where I want.

You're a few seconds away from pissing yourself, yet I'm keeping you from being able to relieve yourself

That is quite enjoyable.

He spoke in a smug manner.

Nightmare's anger was getting worse and worse with every word Error spoke, he felt his muscles twitching around his bladder, and his tone grew more irritated.

- I-I'm fine Error.

He'd cross his legs a little tighter, he felt his bladder stretching to hold the pee in, and it was becoming painfully uncomfortable, he felt like his legs were going to give way in the position he was in, yet, his pride wouldn't let him admit he needed to go.

Error giggled as he noticed Nightmare's anger, he was loving the effect he was having on Nightmare by not letting him pee.

- Nightmare you do not look well, I can see you're close to an accident

Why won't you admit it already?

He chuckled in a smug manner.

Was evident Nightmare was in pain, yet, he forced himself through it, trying to focus on getting the work done, rather than the fact he felt like he'd piss himself, he clenched his thighs as tight as he possibly could, the muscles in his hips and thighs twitching and moving as he did so.

- I'm... perfectly fine.

His tone of voice didn't match up with that sentence very much at all.

Error smirked as he took note of Nightmare's growing discomfort, he was almost at the edge of pissing himself, and Error was just loving it.

He wanted Nightmare to do something ridiculou, like piss his pants in front of Error while they're working.

- You are NOT fine, Nightmare

You can't hide it hehe.

The smugness in his voice was almost unbearable.

It was obvious, Nightmare wasn't fine.

Nightmare crossed his legs tighter, he tried not to make a noise, as he was on the verge of pissing himself, the pressure was becoming so much that it was actually starting to harm him.

He felt himself starting to tremble a little, as his discomfort became more and more visible, he couldn't hide it. though, he sure as hell would try.

- I-I do-... not have to go to the bathroom...

His voice sounded strained, he needed to let it out, he needed to pee.

- Nightmare...

I can't help but think you're not telling me the truth, you do need to pee, and you know it.

Why won't you just say it?

He put on a tone of pity, however, his expression suggested it was a complete act of mocking Nightmare.

- I don't need to pee.

He was really trying to convince him that he didn't need to go, he was trying his hardest to convince himself as well, because it was clearly not working, his pride and embarrassment was not letting him win, however.

- Nightmare I can see the desperation in your eyes, I can see your pride and embarrassment beginning to fade away, I can see you trying to hold it in. You're trying to push yourself beyond your limits, for what reason exactly?

To not look weak, to me?

To not look weak, to yourself?

To not have to confess your need to pee?...

- I don't need to pee!

I... I am fine...

Stop preying on me...

His tone was almost desperate, he couldn't hold it in anymore, he was about to give in and piss himself in front of Error.

His embarrassment and his pride were both dying, he was trying his hardest to push himself not to, but it was becoming impossible, he was about to pee his damn pants....

Suddenly Nightmare feels some liquid come out of him...

Error's expression widened, Nightmare began to pee his pants?

His smugness grew even more, he felt joy and pride, as Nightmare was too stubborn to admit he had to pee.

Error's sadistic side was beginning to leak out, he was laughing.

- No way... you're peeing yourself?

You're finally letting it out.

Oh, this is beautiful.

He was grinning from ear to ear.

Nightmare began to pee himself in front of Error, he felt shame, and embarrassment, he felt stupid, he tried to drop the papers to hold his crotch, but his body had other plans.

He held his crotch as much as possible with his legs crossed tightly, but the liquid continued to flow anyway.

And to make matters worse, Error was laughing, his face went completely turquoise with anger, and he was too ashamed and embarrassed to do anything about it, he couldn't admit he just wet his pants in front of Error, he felt like he was going to go ballistic if he did.

Now there he was, in a meeting room doing paperwork with Error, peeing in his pants sitting in a chair with his legs crossed and his hands on his crotch.

All because his pride did not let him admit that he needs to go to the bathroom...

