Locked

Author: yumiyuki

*000*2023-07-11 22:24

[THIS STORY FEATURES EXTREME BLADDER CAPACITY AND TORTURE]

6:28 AM. It’s not like I had to be anywhere, so why was I up this early?

It was my Bladder that woke me up. It was filled to what I could only assume was almost at its capacity. I had already been quite desperate going to bed, and not by choice. It had been just about 19 hours since I last visited to bathroom, and not by choice.

@@yesterday, at work, it became increasingly busy around 11:30 AM. Coworkers piling work onto my desk, like I was sat there with nothing to do. I attempted going to the bathroom around 3, but there was just no way. I felt quite uncomfortable, so when my shift was finally over, I ran to catch the bus, hoping to be home as soon as possible so I could finally relieve myself.

@@stepping through the door of our home, I scurried into the livingroom and shooting my parents a quick “Hi”, setting down my bag and taking of my shoes, to head to the bathroom quickly after. However, before I could, my dad asked “where are you going?”, myself shortly answering “bathroom. Haven’t gone in hours..”. Before he could say anything else, I reached for the handle of the bathroom door and pushed it down, only to realise the door wouldn’t budge. Being flooded by a mix of confusion and frustration, my dad called out for me to come back. Upon entering the room again, I realised that neither him and nor my mother looked particularly happy. “Sit down, we need to talk.” He said, in a rather Angry tone of voice this time. Intimidated by their expressions, I sat, realising once again how filled my bladder was. They explained that they were incredibly angry with me, for yet again leaving the bathroom in a complete chaos with my makeup and clothes, despite them having mentioned it several times. I felt bad, but my urge to pee was arguably the much bigger thing on my mind now. “Okay, I’m sorry, I really will think of it next time, alright?”

”No, it’s not alright. This time you’ll get the consequences. You will not be able to enter the Bathroom unless you have our permission, so we can unlock the door. That also goes for the Toilet, because you won’t be going anywhere near that either, and I don’t give a fuck if you are about to piss yourself. You’re old enough to hold your piss for a while.”

*002*2023-07-15 20:15

=CHAPTER 2=

I stared at him in disbelief, the pressure in my bladder having increased with every word he said. I wanted to ask wheter he was joking, but the tone of his voice was one I had never heard, and yet I somehow knew that he was as serious as he had never been before.

"Go to your Room. The door will be locked from outside, so you dont even think about trying to get into the Bathroom once we are asleep. You are expected to hold in everything for as long, until we give you explicit permission to relieve yourself in the Bathroom." He instructed.

###

@@I heard the door be locked from the outside, and I set down my stuff in my room, feeling my aching bladder with every step I took. I slightly pressed my legs against one another. "I really need to pee..." I whispered to myself, stating what I already knew for quite a few hours now. However, it wasnt of much help. I sat down on my bed, and felt a sharp pain in my abdomen. How was I going to make it through the night without wetting myself? I was still shocked by what had just happened, but in a way, I deserved it. After a while, of letting this situation process, I decided that it was for the best if I just went to sleep, to make my need to pee, or perhaps lack thereof incase I couldnt hold it, tomorrow-me's problem. Changing into my Pajamas wasnt exactly comfortable, as bending down applied more pressure. But by far the worst was, once i went to lay down. gravity pushed down on my full bladder uncomfortably, and if it hadnt been for my tiring workday, I probably wouldnt have falled asleep as quickly as I did.

###

@@At 6:28 AM I woke up to what luckily was dry sheets, but therefore an even more filled and aching bladder. It was an honest wonder that I hadnt wet the bed, or even leaked for that matter, however I still wished to finally be able to go to the bathroom. They couldnt drag it out for this long, right? All of a sudden, I heard a short knock on my door, followed by the sound of rustling keys, and them unlocking the door to my bedroom. I sat up instantly, only to find myself pushing my hands between my legs in agony, as to not lose control right there and then. The Door opened, and revealed her father, as well as letting through a few rays of sunlight. "Good Morning. Slept well?" He asked, as though all of yesterday had never happened. I was still sat with my hands crammed between my legs, muttering "No, not really... I still really have to pee..." It had been over 19 hours since I had last relieved myself at this point. "I see, its uncomfortable isnt it? I actually need to pee as well. You can go to the bathroom too, if you want to." My eyes lit up, and I got up as quickly and carefully, as I could. Making my way to the Bathroom, I could already see the Key in his hand, and I felt so relieved that I had to hold back all my pee from escaping me at that very moment. it was then, that he used the key to unlock the door, and as it opened, I could see the toilet inside. "I cant imagine how it must be, needing to hold all of that pee inside of you..." He said, smirking at me. "I said that you could go to the Bathroom after all, not that you could use the Toilet." I stood, as he started started peeing into the toilet instead, and hearing the sound of splashing. I pushed my hands into my crotch harder. I needed to pee badly, and watching him being able to, made it arguably worse. Once he was finished, he locked up the door again, while chuckling. "You really thought I would let you pee? Nope. I dont care how much you need to go, it will probably be a long time before you get to pee again."

###

@@It was officially 24 Hours since I had last peed, and I had never needed to pee this badly before. I hadnt even had anything to drink yet, since I was afraid that was gonna make my bladder even fuller, but that was about to change. I looked up, as my Mother set down a 2 Litre Bottle of Iced tea on the Table infront of me. "Finish this Bottle until Dinner. she Instructed. "We told you, this wasnt going to be easy on you." she added, and then left. I felt like i was bursting already, but I hesitantly started sipping on the drink, like I was told. I was shocked to find that only and hour and a half after starting, the two litres were gone. I was prone to just keep sipping on sugary drinks, so I hadnt even realised how fast it had emptied, opposite to my bladder. That meant that soon, 2 more litres were going to join the rest of the liquids in my bladder. It was already bulging out, but surprisingly, I hadnt leaked a single drop yet. I was sure that was soon going to change as well, though.

