Wires

Author: Yakimaki05

*000*2024-06-10 21:12

Disaster, this is simply a DISASTER!

How did this happen?

How did things get to this point????

Alastor mentally screamed to himself tied to Vox's electrical wires, writhing in search of freedom.

Vox laughed uncontrollably, he was all hurt and without his jacket, Alastor was no better, the sleeves of his jacket were down, the only thing holding his jacket to his body by the wires pressing against his body.

His face was full of cuts like his clothes and his hair was a complete mess, Al growled at Vox as the TV demon's laughter attack seems to be over.

Vox turns to Al like an old cartoon villain and looks down on him, as if he's just won a years-long war.

- You know, even though you were so weak, you still gave me trouble, you must say that I'm impressed, Al~

Alastor roars at Vox saying his "nickname" in such a sweet way, that actually makes it sound much more bitter than anything.

- Only 4 people can call me like that, and the last time I checked, you were no longer on the list...

Vox frowns on Alastor's speech, he was already on that "selective list" and it would be a lie say that he didn't want to be on it again, or say that he doesn't feel bad outside of it.

- Anyway, I think now that I've captained you we can start the real game...

Vox speaks and snap his fingers, causing a lever to suddenly emerge from the ground, Alastor is surprised and his body trembles slightly in anticipation of what will happen.

A little memory of his other problem, bathroom, he had time to go to one since in the morning, first his affairs with the hotel, then Lucifer tormenting him and then... Vox... god, thinking about it now, this position he's in is very uncomfortable...

Maybe he shouldn't have had 3 cups of coffee in the morning, he thinks to himself trying to adjust his position even though he's trapped in Vox's electrical wires.

Vox laughs that Alastor is still trying to free himself.

- Don't even try Alastor, you're too weak and I'm STRONGER hahahaha-

- Could you stop your maniacal laughter already?

@@doesn't suit you, and it's making my ears bleed because it's so loud...

Vox quickly blushes at the comment, it's been so long since he spoke to Alastor face to face that normal comments leave him bewildered...

- OH NO >YOU< SHUT UP!

FUCKING HYPOCRITE, YOU LAUGH LIKE A PSYCHOPATHIC CLOWN DON'T COMPLAIN ABOUT ME!!!!

- hey hey, calm down picture box, we've been fighting for half an hour, how do you still have the strength to scream like that?

- URH I'm not an old man like you Mr Victorian...

- Excuse me?-

- IT DOESN'T MATTER NOW!

The sudden and surprising, louder scream than the others, makes Al's ears fall a little and makes him squirm as if he wants to turn into a ball.

- What matters now is that... this beauty of a lever will make you scream...

- ?

You screaming like a bitch wasn't enough?

- OH COME ON-

URGH-

No...

Not this way...

Alastor raises an eyebrow in confusion.

- In case you haven't noticed yet, those wires you're wrapping are electrical wires and well... That's the lever that connects those wires...

Al's look suddenly has a huge realization, oh no, he's fucked...

- I think you're not that ignorant, right, radio demon? hahaha

Vox laughs softly, with a manic smile on his face.

- You will feel a huge wave of energy through your body, will hurts so much you're going to BEG me to stop, and you know what I'm going to say?

"No Al, feel how I felt..."

Alastor feels a drop of sweat run down his face, his bladder jumps with worry, could he handle this? his wound from the battle with Adam is nowhere close to being 100% healed, will he... be okay?...

Vox place his hand calmly on the lever, and smile warmly at his "friend".

- Ready?

No? Good~

Vox then pulls the lever and a large electrical wave hits Alastor, he tries to contain his screams but Vox increases the intensity of the shock until Alastor screams.

- AHHHHHHHHHHHH

STTTTTTTTOP THI-IS! WHO DO YOU THHHINK YOU A-ARE!? WHAT DO YOOOOOOU THINNNNNK YOU ARE-E D-D-D-DOING!?!?

Vox laughs at the situation by laughing at Alastor.

- It hurts? I felt worse when you abandoned me, and dumped me for that... shitty little hotel...

Alastor doesn't even hear Vox, he just feels his bladder begging for relief while his body is almost in shock, but as any idiot knows, liquid and electricity are things that don't get along...

If Alastor lost control and let a few drops come out... the shock would be 100 times worse....

Al tries, he really has to hold back his screams, it hurts so much, Vox's comments about his "suffering life" just make everything more agonizing, Alastor couldn't believe that all of this was because he lost to Adam, damn pride that made him not pick up an angelic weapon to fight...

Alastor squirms, crossing and uncrossing his legs, his head was going crazy and his legs seem to have followed the level of madness and decided to move on their own.

Vox observes this and finds it a little strange, yes the shock was strong, but it is still Alastor we are talking about, He shouldn't have pain so easily...

- hey hey, is the shock too much for the little deer? Are you going to beg me to stop now?

Alastor doesn't respond, not because he has nothing to say, but because he's afraid of leaking if he puts any effort into something other than containing himself.

Vox reacts badly to this, increasing the frequency of shocks.

- YEEE, ST-TOP IT RIGHHHHHT NOW! YOU WO-O-O-ON'T LIKE WH-WHAT YOU GETTTTTT AFTER THIS-S!!!

- oh no?

Vox in response further increases the frequency of shocks.

Turning your face to pick your nails while talking about yourself again, until the screams started to get even LOUDER, and then turning to see what was happening.

- what? I didn't even increase the frequency-

Vox blinks at the scene in front of his eyes, yellow drops fell to the ground and Alastor screamed louder and louder...

- Al... did you just?-

Alastor diverts any visual account with Vox, shame takes over him, being kidnapped and tortured is one thing, but peeing his pants in front of Vox... is simply mortifying...

Vox feels a giant wave of compassion hit him, has Alastor reached the point of getting wet? he went too far...

He tries to talk to Alastor, but the shock of the vision he is seeing is so strong that he ends up tripping over the lever and increasing the intensity of the shocks even more.

Alastor screams at the top of his lungs as a waterfall of urine runs down his pants and drips onto the floor, the liquid on his body only making the shock worse, tears of pain can be seen in his eyes, It hurts, it hurts so much, and shame makes it worse.

His is face red for the shocks? or for the shame?

He doesn't know for sure, maybe it's both.

His bladder empties after a few seconds, seconds that are admired by Vox, as such a clear moment of the demon's vulnerability.

As Alastor screamed in pain, Vox finally came to his senses and deactivated the lever.

Alastor feels his body relax, which makes a few last drops hit the floor, Al lowers his head, not showing his face to Vox, Vox blushes with the imagination of how Al's face looks like at the moment, he releases Al.

Alastor falls in the floor, still shaking in pain and in his own puddle of pee, refusing to make eye contact with Vox, Vox turns, grabs his jacket and says before leaving. - You can leave if you want...

Al shakes as the door closes, and Al moves his shadows out of there.

And Vox is alone, in his room with Al's recording, he couldn't publish this, it seems too cruel, even for him, no... let's leave it as it is.

