To much Caf-pow (NCIS Abby Fan-Fic)

Author: yexokid

*000*2022-04-19 12:02

Cleaing up the clutter in my pc, I found a really old Fanfic I wrote back when I watched NCIS. I've fixed up a couple of typos and made it a bit more readable. (It's amazing how foreign your own words can seem after a few year)

Hope you enjoy:

"Come on" Abby said to herself. The machine had taken forever to give her a result and the long wait was beginning to impact her bladder. It wasn't a big deal though. Abby, having spend many late nights in her lab, with a seemingly endless supply of caf-pow, was used to holding it. Normally she would have made her way to the bathroom by now but in a minute the machine would ding and Gibbs would magically know and walk into her lab. She didn't want to seem unprofessional by making Gibbs wait for her to finish up in the bathroom.

Abby bit her libs and looked down at her crossed legs.

"Gibbs will have to wait" she told her self. "Abby gotta take care of Abby". The goth made her way to the bathroom in the back of the lab with out major problems, but it was definitely not the most comfortable she'd ever been.

As Abby closed the bathroom door, her need got rapidly worse. Something about being close to relief makes it harder to hold on. With crossed legs and a mild shake abby went to pull her pants down. As she pushed the pants down Abby felt something tucking in her shirt. "Oh shit" Abby realised what had happened. One of the rings on the belt-buckle had gotten stuck in her shirt making it impossible to open.

Abby tried to push her pants down once more but instead the pants put presure on her bladder, almost making Abby lose it. Abby was panicking, "I have to get help" Abby said with both her hands between her thighs. Slowly she removed one hand from her thighs to unlock the bathroom door.

"Who can I call..." Abby though as she made her way over to the table where the machine still hadn't produced a result. "Ziva is out in the field with Tony. Ducky... no no Abigale no." Abby was going through every member of the team to figure out who she trusted to help her with her prediciment. "Gibbs maybe?... No I can't" Abby put one hand on her crotch. "Oh McGee! OF COURSE" The joy of maybe getting help almost made her forget her desperation.

Squadroom:

As McGee's phone rang he and Gibbs had been sitting in complete silence for a while. Not because they didn't want to talk but Mcgee knew how much this case meant to Gibbs, so he stayed focused on the task in hand and Gibbs were never one for small talk.

"McGee?" He said as he picked up.

"McGee! you gotta come down here" Abby said excited!

"Okay Abs" McGee said putting down the phone.

"Gibbs" McGee said looking up and making eye contact with his boss.

"What McGee?" "Abby has something. She sounds excited" Said McGee as he stood up. The two agents made their way to the elevator.

Abby couldn't wait for McGee to come help her out. All she could think about was getting to the toilet. Abby's dream about sweet relief was cut short by the machine finally getting a match. She turned around to see what the sample Tony had found was. "Oh perfect" Abby said to herself as she discovered exactly what the match was.

And now because she had found something Gibbs would undoubtedly be in her lab soon. she just couldn't wait to have to maintain a proffesionel look while she needed to pee so bad she would squad in a bush if she could. Abby's hand once again made her way down to her crouch. She hoped McGee would be there long before Gibbs.

Abby turned around as the elevator dinged signalling it's arrival to the lab's floor.

"please be McGee, please be McGee, please be McGee" Abby whispered under her breath.

As McGee walked through the door first, Abby was sure he was alone and almost started explaining everything to him, but then she saw Gibbs walking in with a caf-pow. "Hey Abs what you got?" Gibbs said like usual. Abby bit her lips trying to convince herself that she could hold it until Gibbs left.

"I've found something that may be interesting Gibbs." Abby said turning and walking back to the desk.

"May be interesting? You usually do better than that Abs" Gibbs said as he put the caf-pow on the desk and joined McGee by the big screen.

Abby sighed with relief because Gibbs and McGee had their backs turned, as it meant she could wiggle as much as she wanted without them noticing.

"Well can you see this DNA here?" Abby said as she pulled up the data she had collected.

"yeah what about it?" Gibbs asked.

Abby Shifted her weight to the other foot as a wave of pressure hit her bladder.

"Well it's urine. From a dog" Abby tried her best to stay focused but one of her hands made it's way down to her crouch. "The injuries on our John Doe may have been from a dog. You're gonna need Duck-man to confirm that though."

Abby's hand shot up on the desk as McGee and Gibbs turned around.

"You called us down here just for that?" Gibbs asked.

"Well I only called meant to call McGee down here. Sorry Gibbs" Abby said picking up the caf-pow and taking a sip so Gibbs wouldn't think anything was wrong. Gibbs looked at McGee with eyes that said: Had you been Dinozzo I would have Dinozzo-slapped you.

"I'm sorry boss, I-I thought she meant the both of us." McGee apologized.

Gibbs left with out commenting. McGee stood looking at Gibbs for a few seconds before he to started to walk away as well. Abby knew she had to act quick.

"McGee!" Abby grabbed his arm with one hand while the other had made it down to her crouch once again.

"What?" McGee's voice sounded angry at first but it quickly switched to being it's normal friendly tone.

"I need your help" Abby said crouching down a bit.

McGee instantly realised what was going on.

"Abs why don't you go to the toilet?" McGee asked as Abby took her hands off his arm.

"My belt is stuck in my shirt so I can't get them off" Abby wasn't able to stand still at this point. Her legs were pressed together, one of her hands in her crouch and she was bouncing up and down.

"I need you to do something before I pee my pants." Abby's eyes were starting to get watery.

Just the thought of maybe peeing herself in front of McGee was enough to make her cry. Here she was, one of the best and brightest in her field about to pee her pants like a child.

"Oh Abby!" McGee was worried for his friend. He didn't want Abby to experience the embarrassment it would be to pee her pants and he especially didn't want to have to explain it to Gibbs.

"Eh... What can I do?"

"Just... Get these pants of me!" Abby wanted to yell but she was scared someone else might hear.

"Oh I know" McGee said reaching down in his pocket and pulling out his knife.

"Shirt or belt?" He asked.

"No! You aren't going to cut into either of them" Abby said firmly.

"You're gonna lose either your clothes or your dignity" Said McGee.

Abby knew she didn't have a choice, but she still thought about it. One on hand she really liked her cloth and if she HAD to pee in front of someone McGee wasn't the worst, but on the other hand she didn't want to feel the shamem of peeing her pants at the office.

Abby's discussion was cut short by a spasm hitting her bladder almost making her lose it. Both of Abby's hands was now in her crotch and she needed to bend over.

"McGee!" Abby felt his hand on her shoulder. "Do anything, just don't let me pee myself"

Abby was in pain and McGee could see.

"Okay Abs" McGee said "I'm gonna cut your belt. Can I pull it in the front?" McGee had his hand on Abby belt-buckle.

"Yeah sure... Just do it slow"

McGee pulled the belt out about a centimeter, but stopped as abby shivered.

"You okay?" McGee asked putting the knife behind the belt.

"No McGee, I'm not." Abby joked tried to relive the tension.

"I know Abs... trust me" McGee smiled.

Abby's legs was crossed but she had to keep her hands away so McGee could cut no matter how difficult it was. McGee had just started to cut into the belt before Abby realised the downside of the plan.

"Wait McGee.. If you cut through my belt my pants are gonna fall down!" Abby grabbed McGee's wrist.

McGee looked up at her with a confused look.

"Wasn't that the plan?"

"Well I can't walk through the lab in my panties now can I?!"

McGee couldn't understand how that could be important but he didn't want to waste time by asking.

"Can we do this in the bathroom?" Abby suggestied.

"Can you make it to the bathroom?" McGee asked as he stood up.

"I'll have to" Abby smiled.

At least she still has her humor McGee thought.

Abby's steps were slow, it's difficult to move your legs when you have to keep your thighs together and your hand on your crouch.

"Maybe this was a bad idea" Abby said stopping for a bit to regain control.

"Abs we've moved 10 feet and you look like you're gonna leak any second" McGee said worried as he put his hand around her shoulder.

"I can make it to the bathroom!" Abby's voice didn't sound too sure and McGee though she just wanted to prove herself.

"I know." Said McGee as a idea lit up in his mind. "Just not by walking" he continued as he bend down and lifted her legs op.

"Oh" Abby shrieked in surprise.

"Just hold on" McGee said as he swiftly started making his way over to the bathroom.

"Slower McGee" Abby said, laying in his hands with crossed legs and two hands holding her crouch.

"Sorry" he said nearing the door to abby's relief.

Abby reached out and open the door so McGee could put her down just inside the bathroom.

"Okay McGee do your thing" Abby removed her hands to give McGee the space he needed.

"And please be quick" she pleaded.

"of course" McGee said as he started to cut the last bit of the belt.

"McGeeeeee" Abby pleaded.

"Almooost.... There!" McGee finally got throught the last bit of the belt.

He quickly stod up and turned around as Abby forcefully removed both her pants and panties in one motion and sat down on the toilet.

Abby wasn't fond of McGee hearing her pee but she couldn't wait even the microsecond it took McGee to shut the bathroom door. She could finally pee and that was all she cared about. Abby looked down and noticed something on her panties.

"Feeling better?" McGee asked from outside the door.

"Better... Hey McGee?" Abby said as she took a closer look at her panties and confirmed her suspicions. The big wet spot on the pink fabric taunting her.

"Yeah?" McGee answered.

"Could you wait for me to finish... I need a hug" Abby sighed feeling incrediblely weird.

"Of course Abs" Abby could almost hear McGee's smile.

Abby finished up and went to open the door. She had left her underwear on the floor of the bathroom and had to use a hand to keep her pants up.

"Hey... eh... Thank you McGee" Abby said, finding Mcgee sitting on a chair a bit from the bathroom door.

"Of course... I couldn't let you pee your pants" He said with his usual smile.

"Well... Almost" Abby grinned.

"Oh I'm sorry Abs" Said McGee getting up from his chair.

"I should probably go back to Gibbs... what can I tell him?".

"Relax McGee" Said Abby.

"I always keep spare cloth in the lab just in case. Just tell him I needed you for some computer stuff and he won't ask questions" Abby said walking over to McGee with her free arm out wide.

"Good idea" Said McGee and hugged his friend. They hugged for a while before Abby let go.

"Oh McGee eh.." Abby looked pleadingly at McGee.

"Of course I won't tell anyone" McGee smiled as he walked towards the door.

"And be careful drinking that" McGee nodded towards the caf-pow Gibbs brought. Abby just smiled back at him.

