The Bad Guys Problem (Cross)

Author: Yakimaki05

*000*2024-01-23 23:22

Cross has a "little problem"

He needs to pee, but Killer, Dust and Horror don't give him a second to rest.

He spent the whole day on missions and taking care of problems in the castle.

But now for some reason the Murder Trio won't leave his side

Cross has always been shy so just the idea of telling someone he needs to go to the bathroom makes him blush, Error and Nightmare aren't in home, They left for some reason that no one understood, so Cross is alone with those three psychopaths, who KNOW his problem...

- Hey, Crossy~

Killer spoke with a seductive look, playing with Cross.

- I already told you not to call me that Killer...

- Oh come on!

Is a cute nickname don't you think?

- No.

- Bhe, boring.

- Are you guys already fighting again?...

Dust spoke in a tired voice.

- These two can't get along, can they?

Horror said laughing to himself.

- As far as I remember, it wasn't Killer and I who almost destroyed the castle more than 30 times and were punished for it...

Horror laughs and Killer and Dust look at Cross angrily.

- Oh so this is how you want to play? 💢

Killer said as he placed the tip of his knife near Cross's neck.

- So let's settle this outside, in a real fight...

This made Cross swallow hard and feel his bladder jump.

In a fight you have to make so many moves...

@@open his legs...

@@he doesn't think he can...

- Hahaha...

This won't be necessary, let's just stay inside until Nightmare and Error arrive, what do you think?...

Cross said, taking Killer's knife away from his neck.

- Ohhh are you scared?

Come on Cross, you are a royal guard, show me why you are here!

Cross felt his bladder hurt and tried to back away as much as possible.

- No no no, I'm a royal guard and you're a murderer!

You play dirty...

- Hehe, give him a chance Cross, there's no reason to be so afraid, Nightmare and Error would never forgive us if you got seriously hurt so we will never seriously hurt you, you don't have to be afraid, unless...

@@the real problem is something else...

Dust said laughing to himself looking like a maniac in a shadow.

- O-OBVIOUSLY NOT-...

Cross looks away blushing a little.

- You 2 are perverse...

- Yeah yeah, I know, now, LETS FIGTHT!

Cross swallows hard as Killer drags him outside the castle.

They are located in a place at the back of the castle where there is a large empty area with the beginning of a forest behind it.

Cross squirms a little discreetly trying not to be too obvious about his "ness".

Dust laughs as he walks a little behind Killer and Cross, seeing Cross's face look worried.

- Here's good..

Killer runs a finger over his knife smiling looking directly at Cross.

- Ready? Crossy...

Cross snorts and creates his two red swords looking at Killer starting to get angry.

- I already told you NOT to call me like that...

Cross and Killer are starting an intense fight, Horror is rooting for Cross and Dust is rooting for Killer, ironic isn't it?

Minutes passed but for Cross it felt like hours, every sudden movement, every kick, every time he had to open his legs was a torture.

He felt himself leaking a few times but didn't dare try to check if it was visible.

Even with all this Cross was still winning, and after several minutes of fighting Killer ended up losing.

- AHHHHH, damn you, you shitty royal guard!

Killer said lying on the ground defeated.

- Get lost Killer, now that we're done, let's go back and wait for Error and Night-...

Cross froze looking ahead.

- Dust, Horror, what do you guys are?...

- You didn't think you'd only fight Killer's weakling, did you?

- HEY! DON'T TALK LIKE THAT!

Dust laughed as Killer became even angrier.

- You guys really never change...

Horror spoke and then looked at Cross.

- Come on Cross, just a little fight~

Cross trembled in place, he was already almost at the limit, how was he going to heat up all that again!?

- Hey, can we just talk?-

Without even waiting for the end of the sentence Dust and Horro jump on Cross, Horror attacks him with his ax.

Dust attacked him with sharp bones laughing.

Killer got up and started to help attack.

With each movement Cross's bladder was closer to exploding, he got punched and punched, it always seemed like they were close to his bladder, how could someone be so unlucky!?...

He groans in pain every time he is forced to open his legs to give a kick or receive a blow close to his bladder.

He feels his leaks getting worse while the Bad Guys laugh even though they also get hit sometimes.

At one point, one of Dust's bones hits Cross's ectoplasmic bladder.

Cross drops the disappearing swords and falls to the ground holding his crotch.

Dust stops attacking but still keeps smiling, puts his hands in his coat pockets.

Horror lowered the ax and looked at Cross with a confused face.

Killer just laughed at the scene, not worried at all.

- Hey, Cross?

Are you ok?

Horror said confused and a little worried.

Cross doesn't respond, he just squeezes his crotch even more, trying hard not to wet himself.

- What is Cross?

Are you with a... bladder problems?

Killer laughed even harder, seeing Cross's deplorable situation.

Horror took a while to understand, seeing Cross lowering his head even more and starting to cry a little.

A purple puddle began to form around Cross and Horror automatically looked away placing a hand in front of his face.

- D-don't...

@@don't l-look... p-please...

Cross squeezed his crotch as much as he could to stop himself from leaking, but the liquid came out anyway.

He cried softly with his eyes closing and his head facing the ground.

Dust started laughing madly and Killer almost fell to the floor laughing.

- HAHAHAHA, DID ANYONE HAVE AN ACCIDENT? HAHAHAHA

Killer talked and made little jokes about Cross being a baby because he couldn't hold it.

Horror felt bad for Cross, the three of them were the real ones to blame for this.

After seconds that felt like pure torture, Cross' flow stopped, and he stopped squeezing his crotch so much.

But not taking his hand away, still seeming to try to hide something.

The sound of a portal opening is heard, and everyone looks to where it came from.

Error and Nightmare emerge from a portal resembling a computer window, Nightmare raises his eyebrow looking at Cross, not noticing the puddle because Horror was in front of Cross

- What happened?

Cross, who already had his eyes full of tears, started to cry even more.

Error goes to him, taking everyone out of the way and bends down, seeing the puddle around Cross.

- Ow...

Uh, is ok, it's easy to clean, but how did that happen?

Cross crying, talk quickly about everything that happened, about how they had been irritating him all day and suddenly they wanted to fight with him, and then they started laughing at him and humiliating him after he had an accident.

Error and Nightmare heard this, Nightmare made a "this won't end well" face, and Error look at the three members of the Murde trio with pure hatred.

- Do you 3 think this is funny? uh?

Well...

It's time to learn that actions have consciences...

The 3 gulped coldly and Nightmare laughed at that.

- Night...

- Yes Error?

- Took them to the torture room, you know what to do...

Nightmare smiled manically and caught the three of them with his tentacles.

- With all pleasure...

Nightmare took the three screaming for mercy into the castle.

Error catches Cross with his ropes and smiled warmly.

- Don't worry, I'll make sure they never do that again...

Cross smiles, but scared imagining the kind of punishment they would have...

