Persona 5: Haru`s White Day Gift

Author: Yawnoslom

*000*2024-09-04 18:41

Hey everyone! This is the second story I'm publishing on this site, and I hope you all enjoy it! Any feedback or criticisms you may have are more then welcome. Story contains a male having his bladder controlled by his dominant girlfriend, so stick around if that's your thing. Also contains a bit of peeing from the girl herself towards the end.

===========

3/14

Monday

Evening

White Day

Haru closes her bedroom door and locks it. Her large, elegant house is empty for the night, but she figured she shouldn’t be too careful. All the maids were sent home early a few hours ago on this special romantic day. The only two people there now were her, and her frizzy haired boyfriend, Ren Amamiya.

When she entered, she saw him standing on her balcony. He was looking out towards the distant city as the sun set peacefully over it. He sighed, shifting his weight from one foot to the other. She noticed him doing this over and over. She couldn’t see his face, but she could only imagine that it was the perfect mix of desperation and embarrassment. She walked out to join him. This night was already going exactly how she wanted it to.

“It’s lovely, isn’t it? The view of the city at this time of day always leaves me speechless,” she said as she stood beside him. He said nothing in response. As expected, he looked distracted and desperate. “You seem speechless yourself, Ren-kun. Is it the view, or is something bothering you, perhaps?”

She smiled and rubbed his arm. She knew exactly what was up, but she wanted to hear it from his own mouth. He looked down at her, struggling to think of a response. “No, I’m fine. It’s just…you’re right. The view is pretty nice.”

Boring. Not the response she wanted, but she could wait. He’d break eventually. The buildup would only make that moment all the better.

One month ago on Valentine’s Day, Haru gave Ren some chocolates that she made herself. She never forgot his cute face as he admired her hard work. He sat in the booth at Leblanc, speechless. He then turned to her and said, “This is…amazing, Haru! I seriously don’t know what to say. I feel bad I don’t have anything for you.”

Haru giggled. For her, spending time with him was the best gift she could have gotten. Their later bedroom activities made it even better. Then, a thought came to her mind. A sick, twisted, perverted thought that was very much unlike her.

“Well, it’s okay! But perhaps on White Day next month, you could do something for me? Something specific. A certain gift…”

“Anything! You name it.”

Now here they stood. Ren never expected this to be the gift he was going to give her. Anything to make her happy though, but it was rare for her to explore her more…kinky side. She never said what exactly she wanted, and even waited until this morning to reveal to him what it was. They already had a date planned for today, but he never realized that when he woke up this morning…

She was going to control his bladder.

“When’s the last time you went?” she asked bluntly. Ren swallowed hard; a bit embarrassed to answer.

“Uh, this morning. A little before you first texted me.”

“Goodness, that was hours ago! Surely…you must be full, hm?” Haru said, trying to coax the truth out of him. Ren didn’t want to give her the satisfaction just yet. She did say he wanted him to last a while. No matter how much she wants it, he must stay strong.

“Nah. Feeling fine. Why do you ask?” He smiles, teasing her just slightly. The pout on her face was worth it.

“Hmph. No reason,” she said staring back off towards the view of the city. There were a few moments of silence, before Haru conjured up a sick plan in her head.

“Well, I’m quite thirsty. How about some tea, Ren-kun? You must be quite dehydrated if you haven’t used the bathroom yet since this morning. Poor thing.”

Ren gave the girl a panicked look. He wasn’t expecting her to pull something like that. “I never said that! I mean…I’m pretty good after all that coffee you had me drink this morning.”

“Ah, I see. That must explain why you’re so jittery too...”

Haru giggled when Ren immediately stopped his shifting at her comment. She was starting to enjoy this. She went back inside to brew some tea for the two of them. Afterall, she was the one in control here. Not him.

When she was finished, she called Ren back into her room. She held a tray in her hands, containing two little teacups and one large tea pot filled to the brim with green tea. She set it down on the small table next to the door to the balcony.

“Here! Come sit, Ren-kun. I’ll pour you some.”

The young man did as he was told and sat down. He watched Haru closely, as she slowly poured him a cup of green tea. The warm liquid splashing into the small cup sent his bladder into a frenzy. He crossed his legs and squeezed tight, watching as she kept pouring his tea right to the top. She had a pleasant grin on her face, his leg movements not going unnoticed by her. The slightly discolored look of the tea as it poured out made him wince, as he couldn’t help but picture it as something entirely different.

“Ahhh…what a relaxing sound. Here, drink up.”

Haru moved his cup closer to him. She began to pour her own drink, and watched as Ren lifted his cup in his hands. His movements were shaky, and the liquid sloshing around in the small teacup didn’t make it any easier. It only reminded him of the ocean splashing around in his own body, crashing against the walls of his bladder. He took a long sip, trying to get down as much as he could. He winced, as it traveled through him.

“T-That was really refreshing. Thank you, hun”

“My plea-“

Haru was cut off by the sudden sound of liquid spilling everywhere. She turned her attention back to the tea she was pouring for herself, only to realize she overfilled it while she was distracted. It cascaded out of the cup and onto the table, with a few droplets spilling out onto the floor. Ren was transfixed by the sight of it all, and the sound wasn’t helping either. He squeezed his legs together even tighter, almost frozen in his seat. A few warm, stray drops landed on to his pants.

“M-My apologies! Let me clean this mess up.”

Haru quickly grabbed a rag nearby and wiped her mistake off the table and floor. Ren offered to help, but she insisted that he finish his cup. With no other choice, he continued to gulp it all down. Finishing it quickly so as not to drive himself crazy, his cup was soon empty. The moment he finished drinking, Haru finished cleaning.

“Goodness, you really were thirsty! Let me pour you another…”

“That’s okay really. I don’t need-“

“Nonsense,” she cut him off, a twisted grin on her face. “There’s more then enough, and I know how much you love my tea.”

Ren resigned himself to his fate, as his girlfriend insisted that he drink more. There was no escaping this. In no time at all, another full cup was given to him. Haru finally sat down to enjoy her own drink. She took a long sip and set the cup down. Ren envied how relaxed she seemed.

“You know, green tea is one of my favorites,” she said, with a precious innocent look on her face. A chill went down Ren’s spine. “I-Is it? I like it too,” he replied, a slight shiver in his voice.

“Mhm. Though it’s embarrassing to admit, just a cup of it can make my bladder fill in an instant. It’s quite the effective diuretic, wouldn’t you agree?”

Ren swallowed hard. He tried to remain brave, as he looked her in the eyes. Without saying a word, he took his full cup and drank it all down. He set his empty cup down, almost as if taunting her. “Nope. Not at all. Strangely enough, tea almost never makes me need to go.”

Haru saw the game he was playing with her. She loved every bit of it. She needed to break him, no matter the cost. “Really? Lucky you! Here, have some more. Since your bladder can handle it and all, hm? Shouldn’t be a challenge at all for the strong leader of the Phantom Thieves.”

“Nope. Let’s empty this thing.”

For the next while, Ren kept drinking and Haru kept pouring. She only drank two cups, while he…well, they lost track of how much he had. Each one he finished was another blow to his increasingly bloated bladder. He never had to pee so badly in his life, but all things considered, he was hiding it okay. He was tapping his foot and crossing his legs tight, but Haru couldn’t see a thing from where she was sitting. He even took a few chances to sneakily squeeze his crotch. It provided just the temporary relief he needed, but how much longer would that help? After a while, the tea pot was completely empty. He was jittery but was unsure if it was from all the caffeine or all the liquid inside him.

“Wow, look at that! I’m all out. You really do love my tea, hm?” She gave him a loving glare, as she reached out to squeeze his hand from across the table. When he squeezed back, she took notice of how sweaty he was, his fingers vibrating ever so slightly.

“Yep. Best I ever had,” he said, trying to return the same affectionate stare she gave him. Instead, it came out as an awkward grin, like that of a child trying to get their photo taken. Haru loved the sight of him trying to keep his cool. He was melting down ever so slightly all because of her. She needed to keep it coming and stay on the offensive though. What else could she do?

“Ah, I nearly forgot! My poor plants!”

“Hm?”

“I forgot to water them this morning. Goodness, they’re probably so thirsty. Would you mind lending me your help, Ren-kun?”

It’s not like he could refuse. It is White Day after all and…how could he say no to her? He only hoped his body would forgive him later. Ren nodded and helped her gather her what she needed. It wasn’t much, just two watering cans. One’s that already happened to be filled to the brim with water. He wondered if she planned this from the beginning. He took one, and she got the other.

Haru had managed to grow a few plants out on her balcony during the harsh winter. It wasn’t much, just a few root vegetables. However, she insisted that they water them thoroughly. Not wasting any time, Ren held the watering can over the vegetables and began to sprinkle them.

As the water flowed steadily from the can, Ren could feel his own internal reservoir nearing its breaking point. Every drop that hit the soil seemed to mock him, a cruel reminder of the relief he was denying himself. The steady stream of water splashing onto the plants felt like an echo of the tidal wave building inside him, pushing against his resolve with increasing urgency. He shifted his weight from foot to foot, trying to keep his discomfort hidden from Haru. The seconds stretched into what felt like an eternity, each one a battle to maintain his composure. Ren’s mind raced, each splash of water seeming louder, more torturous, as if the entire world was focused on this one, excruciating task.

When he was certain Haru wasn’t looking his way, Ren took another moment to squeeze his crotch tight. The momentary relief felt so amazing, Ren couldn’t help but hang his head back and close his eyes tight. As the water continued to pour onto the plants, he couldn’t help but imagine the sound as his own relief.

“Haah…”

A small sigh escaped his lips. He wasn’t sure how much longer he could last like this. It’s not like he wanted his kidneys to burst, but he was genuinely pleased at how happy he was making Haru. He could keep going, just a little longer. He stopped pouring and opened his eyes. To his surprise, he was met with a red in the face Haru staring right at him. He quickly removed his hands away from his privates and looked away.

“Um…I…”

Speechless, Haru covered her mouth with her hands. Her hard work was finally paying off, the evidence of his full bladder clear as day. The sight of him looking so vulnerable and stressed, his hands gripped tight on to himself…

It made something primal stir within Haru.

She gulped hard and wiped a bit of drool off her lips. He was still looking away, silently cursing himself for having been caught. It was time to step things up. She was done being coy about all this. She stood up and walked a few steps toward him, watering can still in her hands. He turned towards her, still on his knees. Something about seeing her tower over him, it somehow made him anxious yet excited at the same time. It was the same feeling he would get whenever infiltrating a palace.

“Ren-kun,” she said, a stern look on her face. Her cheeks were still red from the arousing sight from earlier, but her voice had an air of authority to it. Something that was very unlike the young woman. Ren only stared, struggling to form a single coherent sentence. His mouth opened, but no words came out. Why couldn’t he respond? Not even his most stressful moments as a Phantom Thief had left him this way. He had never felt so helpless before in front of someone, and it was Haru of all people. His sweet, kind, gentle girlfriend that he loved dearly. He could almost feel his bladder pounding as fast as his heart from all the tension. Despite all of this though…he was enjoying himself immensely.

She turned her hand downwards, lowering the spout of the watering can. The steady stream of water began to flow downwards onto the wooden floor of the balcony. It sent a shiver through Ren’s body, and his bladder screamed in protest. He nearly lost control then and there, but he managed to keep his inner dam from crumbling.

“W-What are you-“

“Be honest. You’re absolutely bursting, aren’t you?”

Ren felt like he was in the interrogation room all over again. Just like before, he wasn’t ready to admit it. Much to his bladder’s discomfort, he had to keep the facade up, no matter how obvious it was that he needed to go.

“Don’t know what you’re talking about. Really, I’m fine,” he said, giving her a cocky smile. It was like he assumed his Joker persona for the occasion. However, Haru didn’t look upset by his answer. Instead of the sweet smile she usually would give, she returned the same confident grin he gave her.

“Hm…are you sure about that, hun?”

She turned her hand downward even more. The steady stream turned into a heavy flow as the water crashed onto the floor loudly. Ren winced in response, nearly letting a whimper escape his mouth. For a brief moment, he could have sworn just a small drop of urine escaped him. Sweat was forming on the top of his forehead now. His entire body was shaking in discomfort, and Haru was reveling in it.

“I…have to go a little. I’m fine though,” he said, very clearly not fine at all. His voice was shaky, and his usual confident demeanor was slowly breaking right in front of her.

“Only a little? Are you sure?”

Haru took another step closer. Ren stared, as she towered above him. Still pouring water on to the floor, she raised one of her feet and pushed it into his lower abdomen with just a slight bit of pressure. He grunted at the sudden heaviness on his poor, punished bladder. A few dribbles escaped him and wet his underwear. He moaned and took a few rapid breaths. Haru admittedly felt just a little bad doing this, but at the same time her pleasure was overriding her guilt. They did set up a safeword in case things got too intense for him, but he had yet to utilize it. He took a moment to get himself back in control. He hung his head low and sighed. Haru could have sworn he had a slight smirk on his face.

“Alright, you win. I have to go. REALLY bad.”

Ren couldn’t take it. As much as he hated admitting defeat, his bladder was absolutely hounding him for relief and Haru wasn’t doing it any favors. Though he supposed that was the point of it all. He grabbed his dick through his pants with both hands this time and squeezed tight, further emphasizing to her how urgent it was. Haru’s face flushed again, and she giggled. She finally tilted her hand upwards and stopped pouring water onto the floor. She held one of her hands out for him.

“Good boy. Was that so hard~?”

Ren gripped her hand as she helped him up. He was still wobbly from the slight punishment he received, and he was bent over slightly. Haru had to support him up slightly. She opened the balcony screen door and escorted him back into her room. He brushed her off gently, showing that he was okay on his own.

“Alright, so I admit it. I have to pee. Now what? Do I just use the bathroom now or-“

Haru cut him off, placing a finger on his lips. She gave him a gentle loving smile, attempting to relax him. “Not quite, my love…”

Suddenly, she pushed him backwards onto her bed. The sudden shove caught him off guard, and as soon as he landed on the mattress, he had to regain control of himself yet again. Haru climbed on top of the bed after him, straddling his waist with a playful grin. Her legs spread comfortably over his body as she leaned in close to his face, her hands resting on his chest. The weight she was applying on to his body drove him crazy, but her closeness caused a stirring in between his legs. His emotions were running wild, as thoughts of taking a huge piss and wanting to please her flooded his brain.

“We’re just getting started~” She whispered into his ear.

She directed him to scootch backwards a bit, and so he did. He lay at the very top of her bed, his head resting on one of her many fancy pillows. Haru began to work the button on his pants as he clutched her sheets. It didn’t take long for it to come undone, and she quickly yanked them off his legs. Her eyes immediately became fixed on the sight of his slightly wet underwear, his erect bulge now extremely visible. Ren had to turn away from embarrassment, as Haru giggled and bit her lip.

“My…you really do need to go…”

The thirst for something more was clear in her voice. Ren had never seen Haru act like this before. At this point in their relationship, they had done many crude things together. He couldn’t recall her ever being this outwardly turned on though. She slowly peeled his underwear off, and his hard cock sprang free. The tip of it was slightly wet from the mixture of precum and urine that had leaked out before.

Throwing both his pants and underwear off to the side, Haru climbed to the top of the bed to join Ren. She cuddled up next to him, kissing his neck gently and removing his glasses. Small moans escaped his lips, another strong wave ramming into the beaten dam within him. Her little kisses helped distract him from the mounting pressure. Still, he couldn’t stop himself from quivering. One of his hands moved down to squeeze his cock tight, barely being of any help anymore.

“You’re so cute when you’re like this,” she said, burying her face into his neck. Her fluffy hair getting in his face a bit, not that he minded. It smelled wonderful like always.

“Hah, I don’t really feel like it. Feels like I…Wait, aren’t I always cute?” He replied, feigning a bit of sadness in his voice. Even in such a desperate state, he could still throw out a few jokey responses.

Haru giggled, placing one of her hands gently onto his swollen bladder. “Of course! I just mean that…when your bladder is so full and round like this and you’re all wriggly and vulnerable…”

“I’m even cuter? A bit strange but…I don’t mind,” he said softly, kissing the top of her forehead. Haru pouted in response, her cheeks once again going red.

“Oh h-hush!”

She smacked his bloated bladder just slightly. He gasped in response and squeezed himself even tighter, even crossing his legs. Though it still wasn’t enough to prevent another small leak from coming out. He took a few deep breaths and looked at her, almost betrayed. “Don’t…don’t do that.”

She couldn’t help but laugh, knowing that his relief was entirely within her control. “I’ll think about not doing it again,” she purred, “but for right now, I want to play a game with you.”

Ren groaned. He could stop this at any point by using the safe word they discussed before, but he was admittedly enjoying himself. He wanted to see where she was headed with this, so he nodded silently in response.

“I want you to close your eyes and recall the last time you were this desperate, Ren-kun. Tell me a real story of when you last had to pee super badly. It better be detailed…”

She raised her hand over his extended bladder.

“…or else. I’ll give you ten seconds to think of something. That should be more than enough, hm?”

Ren could hardly think coherently in the state he was in, and now he was tasked with the ever-difficult process of prodding at his own mind for some kind of faint memory that may or may not exist. Haru counted down slowly, and each second that passed made him even more stressed. That is until…

“Okay, wait! I think I have something. This was in May last year, so we didn’t know each other yet but…”

“Go on,” Haru whispered, hungry for more.

Ren gulped as she slid her hands downward, pulling her pants and underwear off in one smooth motion. She began rubbing herself just slightly. His dick throbbed at the sight. He closed his eyes as instructed before and tried to recall everything.

“Well, it was back when we first infiltrated Madarame’s palace. I drank a lot of coffee that morning, and I kind of regretted it as soon as we entered. By the time we were deep inside, I was absolutely desperate. Worst I’ve ever had to go in my life. Well…until now that is. Anyway, believe it or not, there actually were bathrooms in the palace but we couldn’t afford to waste any time. I don’t think anyone noticed how badly I needed to go, so I must have done a good job of hiding it. When we reached the next saferoom, I called it for the day, and we all went our separate ways. Morgana hopped in my bag, and we made our way to the train station.”

He couldn’t see a thing, but he did hear Haru moan and shift around a bit next to him. He suddenly felt one of her soft hands wrap around his dick as she slowly began jerking him off. He shuddered at her touch. “Please keep going. What happened next?” She asked, almost pleading.

“Well…there was no way I was going to make it back to Leblanc in that state, let alone the train station. I felt myself leaking. I was practically slowly peeing myself at that point. So, I ducked into a nearby alleyway. I hurriedly undid my pants, and Morgana was asking me what the hell I was even doing. I guess all that jostling around startled him in my bag. I ran up to a nearby wall and…ngh..!”

She started stroking him faster. The pleasure completely overriding the pain in his bladder. “Give as much detail as possible, hun. Don’t be shy~”

“I…burst. I started pissing uncontrollably in the alley. I couldn’t stop even if I wanted to. I remember moaning a bit, and Morgana scolded me. I didn’t really care too much though. It just felt amazing at the time. I practically hosed the wall down and it all started to form into a giant puddle that eventually reached my shoes. I think there was even a bit of splash back, that’s how hard I was going. It was all frothy and yellow, too. By the time I was done I completely flooded the place. The puddle started to expand out of the alley so I kinda needed to hurry out before I was caught. I tucked it back into my uh…damp underwear and zipped my pants back up. That’s pretty much it.”

He slowly opened his eyes back up. Haru’s stroking had gotten significantly more intense, and she was still rubbing herself. He was both impressed and incredibly turned on at the same time. He could suddenly feel his bladder violently contract, as his arousal wasn’t even enough to distract it anymore. He gasped and clutched at his crotch hard. Haru moved her hand away and looked at him with an almost predatorial hunger in her eyes.

“Haru,” he whined. “I really need to pee. I don’t know if I can hold it. I’m gonna-“

Haru put a finger on his lips, hushing him. “Nonsense,” she whispered. “You’re doing so well, honey. You’re such a good boy for me~”

She forcefully removed his hands away from his crotch. He moaned, feeling like he was about to burst all over the bed. An indescribable amount of hot piss was sloshing inside of him, and it felt like such a herculean task to keep it all contained.

“Haru, I…aaaah…!”

A jet of piss forcefully squirted out of him, soaking the bed and the carpet in front of it. It took even more strength to stop himself. Haru gazed lovingly at his effort. Tears formed in his eyes, and he tried speaking but was left breathless. Stray droplets dripped off the head of his cock, soaking the sheets below him. Using whatever other strength he could muster, he managed to utter the safe word.

“S-S-Shadow!”

They chose this word as they always became alert when someone shouted about seeing one in a palace or mementos. Naturally, it had that same effect here. Haru instantly sat up, concerned.

“You mean it?”

Ren could only nod, his face scrunched up in pain. Haru hopped off the bed and helped him up steadily. One hand holding hers, the other squeezing himself tight. “I’m sorry…” he mumbled.

“Shhh, not another word. You did wonderfully, Ren-kun. I truly enjoyed myself today.”

Slowly, she walked him over to the bathroom that was just down the hall from her bedroom. Each agonizing step made his bladder quiver in pain. Drop after relieving drop dribbled out of him and on to her hardwood flooring.

“Please hurry…I can’t…”

“We’re almost there, hun. Just a little longer.”

She opened the door and guided him in. Much like the rest of her house, the bathroom was large and highly expensive looking. Everything shimmered, due to a recent deep cleaning. No doubt one of the maids took care of it recently.

Haru walked him over to the toilet, and she opened the lid. Before he could even release, she stopped him one last time. She wanted to present him with one last challenge, if he were up to it.

“Do you mind if I go first? I did say earlier green tea can fill my bladder quite effectively.”

The mischievous look on her face revealed her true intentions to him. He wanted nothing more then to finally relieve himself of the yellow ocean inside him, and yet…

“B-By all means…”

Haru smiled, giving him a little peck on the cheek as thanks. He must have really hated himself for this. She was already naked from the waist down from earlier, so she simply plopped herself down on the toilet seat gently. She spread her legs wide open so he could get a nice, torturous view of her relief.

“Why don’t you get on your knees and have a closer look, hm~?”

Ren wasn’t one to deny her request, so he slowly and carefully did as he was told. A few more leaks escaped him on the way down. He felt Haru’s hands reach over to hold his head gently. His face was just mere inches away from her aching pussy. The sight wasn’t something he hadn’t already seen before, but it still caused that familiar stirring from between his legs. Though that wasn’t doing much anymore to stop the leaks.

SSSssssssss…

“Haaaaah~”

Haru slowly released everything she had been holding in for the last while. Clearly Ren wasn’t the only one who was desperate. Green tea really did need to make her go. Now he was getting a front row seat to it all. The strong stream drained out of her and splashed loudly into the water below. The once crystal-clear liquid in the toilet was now slowly turning a sickly yellow. She kept moaning and groaning in relief in a highly exaggerated way, no doubt to get under his skin. The worst part was that it was absolutely working. Every few seconds a jet of piss would squirt out of him uncontrollably and crash into the base of the toilet. A small puddle formed on the floor. He began to whine, deprived of what he desired most. The sight pleasured Haru to no end.

After a solid 15 second tinkle, Haru finally finished up. The last few drops slowly escaped her, and she began to wipe. The sight of the yellow liquid in the toilet drove Ren mad. More pee kept flowing out of him slowly, soaking his legs and the floor.

“P-Please hurry, Haru. I can’t stop it,” he groaned.

Haru looked down to see her beloved finally breaking. Not wanting to waste any more time, she threw her dirtied toilet paper into the bin and stood up. Quickly, she walked behind him and reached down to help him up. She carefully propped him back up onto his feet and kept him steady as his legs wobbled. She wrapped one arm around his body and used her other arm to reach down and help him aim with her hand. He whimpered at her soft touch, vibrating just slightly.

“It’s all yours. Go on~” she whispered into his ears.

Finally, after holding it for the entire day, Ren let the dam burst.

PSSSSSHHSSSSSssss…

“Aaaaah….haaah~”

It began as a powerful stream, crashing loudly into the water below. The once slightly yellow pool, tainted by Haru’s earlier contribution, was now turning an even darker shade thanks to the sheer amount he was adding to it. A loud, almost animalistic moan of relief escaped his lips. His eyes rolled into the back of his head, lids fluttering, as he tilted his head toward the ceiling. Haru took the opportunity to plant little kisses on his neck. She couldn’t help but emit a small chuckle at the sight.

She took a moment to feel his stiff bladder. Slowly but surely, she could feel it deflating within her grasp. She pushed down just slightly, and he gasped. The stream sped up just a bit at the pressure she was applying. She bit her lip, watching as more and more kept pouring out of his soft member. The splashing sound resonated within the bowl, which echoed throughout the entire bathroom. It mingled with the soft popping noises from the bubbles and foam that formed on the water’s surface, closing in on the spot where his forceful stream met the water.

After about fifteen seconds, his body gradually went limp in her grasp, beginning to sink as his legs gave out entirely. She quickly repositioned one of her arms to support him, adjusting his aim to avoid any mess. A soft whine escaped his lips as he muttered a string of barely coherent words. Haru could have sworn he was both apologizing and thanking her simultaneously. She hushed him quietly.

“It’s my pleasure, hun. Let it allllll out…”

SSSSSSShhhhh…

Over thirty seconds had now passed, and Ren didn’t even feel anywhere close to done. His bladder bulge was still highly visible, but gradually deflating. Haru estimated that he wasn’t even half empty yet. Not that she minded. The more, the better. Meanwhile, Ren’s entire mind felt foggy, and his breathing was a bit erratic. For a while, this was all he knew, every sense wrapped in a fog of relief. The sight of his strong yellow stream, the sound of it splashing in the toilet, the strong smell of his urine, and the warmth rising back to him—what had been so uncomfortable moments ago now felt comforting. He had held it in for far too long, suffering in pain just minutes earlier, but as he finally let go, the worst of that memory faded away.

SSSSSsssssssss…

“Mmmm…ohhh…”

After nearly a full minute, he glanced down at his abdomen, observing it gradually flatten even more as the liquid steadily exited his body. Once his stomach was flat and the pain subsided, he still had the volume of a normally full bladder to expel. He continued to empty himself with a strong stream for an additional fifteen seconds before it began to slow. As the final few spurts left him and his flaccid cock, he felt lightheaded, but ultimately relieved and blissfully empty.

Haru gently prodded at his now flat abdomen. Tiny drops dribbled out and onto her hand that was holding his privates. He chuckled, finally feeling free of all that pressure.

“I think…I’m all done now…”

Haru gave him a kiss on the cheek, proud of all the hard work he performed just for her pleasure. She finally removed her hand from his crotch and licked the excess urine off her knuckles.

“That was amazing, Ren-kun! This was the perfect White Day gift. I’m so happy, you have no idea~”

Confirming that he could stand on his own without her help, she released her grip on him and took a step back. He took a few deep breaths, slowly regaining all of his senses. He shuffled over to the sink, turning the water on and washing his hands. He splashed some onto his face for good measure. Haru, meanwhile, observed just how high the water level in the toilet raised from their combined pee. Well, it was mostly Ren’s hard work, but the sight still made her warm inside. She flushed the toilet, hoping that someday they’ll get to do this again.

“Feeling a little tired? We can take a nap if you’d like. I know how stressful that was for you, since it was your first time and all,” Haru said, placing a hand on his shoulder.

“Nah, not at all. Honestly…”

Ren turned to Haru and pulled her into an embrace. He gave her a passionate kiss, a trail of saliva connecting the two as he pulled away. Haru felt the heat rush into her face, surprised at how quickly he bounced back from that whole experience. That was the leader of the Phantom Thieves for you. She felt something poke into her during the kiss. No doubt it was the excitement he felt after everything that just happened. He looked almost ravenous, a sight that sent shivers down her spine. She had trouble hiding her own eagerness as well after just witnessing his euphoric relief.

“I think we’re only just getting started. Shall we head back to your room?” he asked, holding his hand out to her.

“I’d love to,” she replied, taking his hand as he led her back to her room.

THE END

*002*2024-09-06 13:49

{{On 9/5/2024 at 9:12 AM, AmyChristy said:

This is an amazing story, really well written and sexy. Would love to read more of your writing.

}}

Thank you so much!!! ☺️

I have another story up on here from a while ago, and I also have an AO3 account. I'm always nervous putting my writing out there, but I'm glad you enjoyed it!

