I Bet You Can`t

Author: YumenoKyuusaku

*000*2017-04-21 19:09

This was written forever ago

Warning: sexual content

Word Count: 1012

Original Work

~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~

Alistair and Ruby bet on a lot of things, so whenever one of them bet the other couldn't do something, the other wasn't surprised. Not even if the comment came out of the blue, not even if it didn't quite make a lot of sense.

That's why maybe Alistair shouldn't have actually choked on his drink when Ruby had placed her most recent bet: “I bet you can't hold it if we had sex. I bet you'd end up wetting all over me.”

But he had choked on his drink, and he'd also been completely speechless, not really knowing what he was supposed to say in response. He'd been fidgeting for the past hour and a half but was too comfortable to get up and use the restroom—and now his roommate was taking advantage of that. He really just wanted to get up and go to the bathroom, but he always had to take her up on the things she bet. That was just how to two could get one another to do things, always without fail.

“I bet I can,” he returned, though he really wasn't sure of it himself. He set down his juice and got to his feet. “I bet I wouldn't.”

“Then shall we give that a test?” Her usually expressionless face held a hint of a smile at the corners of her mouth. She stood up herself and took his hand, leading him to the bedroom. Their other roommate likely wouldn't be home for another hour—if not, longer—so they had plenty of time.

Ruby locked the door behind them despite the two being home by themselves, and she pushed him up against the wall to kiss him. Her kisses were always heated and intense no matter what, and this wasn't an exception. Her hands wandered up his shirt to his chest, and she pinched his nipples, eliciting a groan from the boy.

Arousal twitched in the pit of his stomach, along with an urgent need to relieve himself. He almost excused himself to do just that, but no, that would go against the little game they'd been playing for about a year now. So instead, he just took a deep breath in an attempt to keep his head clear, and he didn't do a thing to stop the girl.

Her lips found their way down to his neck and she gave a rough suck. Alistair's shoulders went back and he sucked in a shaky breath. He needed to use the restroom, or else he was definitely going to end up wetting himself. Still, he let her continue, leaving hickeys on his neck.

He squirmed beneath Ruby's touch, and his need to use the restroom was only getting more urgent. He probably was going to end up wetting all over her. Which would be a disaster, because then she would be disgusted with him and that wouldn't be good. But he couldn't back out now, could he? Even if he was ready to burst?

She got down on her knees and undid his pants, letting them fall to the floor around his ankles. His underwear was stained with a patch of pre-cum, and Ruby let out a small giggle. She teased the head of his cock through the fabric, and he let out a shaky breath. His hips wriggled just a bit, and he really needed to go relieve himself—but he also needed to win the bet.

Ruby pulled down his boxers and let them fall down with his pants. He took another shaky breath, trying his hardest to stand still, but his thighs were still beginning to quiver with more than just his arousal. The girl took note of this, and though she remained expressionless as always, there was a twinkle in her eyes that meant she felt satisfied with herself. Maybe she was even teasing him a bit as well.

She took off her shirt and her bra, tossing both to the side as she looked up at him. He knew what she was doing, and if he couldn't hold it, he would end up peeing all over her face. How embarrassing! He could feel his cheeks heating up just at the thought of it.

After giving his cock a few pumps, she put it between her breasts and began rubbing his dick up and down. He moaned softly, hips jerking slightly at the action. Pleasure coursed through him, tightened in the pit of his stomach along with the need to use the restroom.

As she continued, he could feel his release getting closer and closer and he needed to cum just as badly as he needed to pee.

“Ah—haah—! I'm...gonna cum soon if you...ahn...k-keep going...”

“Perfect,” Ruby murmured, and she would be grinning up at him if she kept her emotions displayed on her face. But she didn't, though that didn't suppress the sparkle in her eyes. She sped up her actions, causing him to let out a loud moan and squirm a bit.

His hands balled into fists as he came, spurting cum onto her face and her glasses. He almost fell forward and collapsed, but he kept himself standing upright. Before he could do anything to stop it, though, urine came flooding out of him, spattering the girl's face. She closed her eyes and her mouth, and while her face remained blank, he was so certain she was disgusted and wouldn't want anything to do with him for a while.

But no, there was a small smile twitching at the corners of her lips as he let out a small whimper and needed to use the wall to hold himself up. He looked down at her, face flushed, and she wiped the urine away from her eyes and mouth before she got to her feet and looked at him.

“That must have felt good,” she murmured, giving him a quick peck on his cheek.

He nodded, a bit breathless after what had happened, and gave a weak smile. “It did.”

“Good. We should do this again sometime.”

