Mizuhime Vs Omo-Boys

Author: Yurushite

*000*2010-06-22 22:33

I started an omorashi fanfic... Yoo hoo! Anyway, don't expect too much, I'm a bit new to this omorashi stuff, and it's the very first fanfic I write in English. Well, tell me your thoughts on it :)

A bladdery battle of wits: Mizuhime VS the omo–boys

Chapter 1: The first encounter

Part 1: The beginning of a long battle.

Mizuhime was a 14-year-old student. She had a brilliant mind, and always got good marks at her tests. All in all, she was the perfect student, and was very clever.

One day, Mizuhime woke up early to study for a test. She didn’t bother having breakfast or even going to the bathroom.

She started studying at 5:30 and finished at 7:45, 15 minutes before her classes were going to start. She didn’t think about her bladder at all. She arrived to the school at 8:00 and searched for a good seat. The test was going to start, and although she had studied a lot, she was feeling nervous. It wasn’t because of the test, but because she had to pee.

She was moving her right leg a suspicious way without noticing. “I have to remain calm” -she thought –“or else I’m lost!”. Her teacher handed the test over. It was three pages long! “Alright, this is no big deal,” –she thought –“but I have to give a good impression. I can’t go shaking like crazy while answering a test… right?”. She stopped moving, closed her urethra as hard as she could, and grabbed her pen. Then, with her well-earned fame, she started answering the questions like crazy, and despite she had to pee, she knew she was doing it right. She hadn’t been studying for over two hours just to fail because of something so trivial.

Just when she finished the first page, she realized her legs were shaking once again. “Damn it! I can’t focus on my bladder now. I have to do this. The bathroom can freakin’ wait!”. But she knew that if she stopped shaking, things could get worse, so she decided she wouldn’t stop. She carried on answering, with her legs pushing each other and shaking. She wasn’t desperate yet, but it would certainly be a good moment to go to the bathroom.

The test lasted a torturous hour, and when she gave it to the teacher, she felt somewhat relieved, because the time she was going to be able to go to the bathroom was approaching. “But what will people think if I ask for the bathroom right now? Nothing good, that’s for sure. I’ll wait like five minutes, and then ask the teacher.”

Hanazen-san was the teacher in charge of the classroom the first two hours. She was deeply respected by her pupils, and Mizuhime saw her as a friend more than anything else. It was a sure thing that she would have let her go to the toilet even before the test had started. Mizuhime hadn’t asked, though.

Omoshiro-kun was another student at Mizuhime’s class, and secretly the leader of a peculiar group: the omo-boys. Ever since the test had started, he had been staring at Mizuhime a very suspicious way.

- Have you realized? – said Omoshiro-kun.

- Realized what? - said his friend Bakahi

- Are you new or what? Look at that girl.

- Who, Mizuhime? –Said another of his friends, Maki. – What about her?

- Are you two blind? Look… she’s our next target.

- Oh! It’s been so long! – said Bakahi.

- You’re slowing me down. Look how it’s done.

He then stood up and said:

- Hanazen-san, can I go to the bathroom?

The teacher stared at him.

- OK, but be right back. – she said after a long silence.

“This is not good!” – Mizuhime thought – “She only lets one of us go to the bathroom at a time! Well, now is not the time. I’ll wait for Omoshiro to come and then I’ll ask. I don’t know how long I’ll be able to hold it, so let’s walk on safe ground”. She pushed her legs to each other and pushed her left hand to her vagina. “This must work for now”.

Hanazen-san kept on explaining the lesson, but Mizuhime couldn’t listen to her. She patiently waited for Omoshiro to enter the classroom. She was desperate now, and her left hand, her legs and her continuous shaking were revealing it. “Fuck it! Why am I being slowed down by this? I… must… hold… it…”. She stared at the door hopelessly. At that moment, Omoshiro was entering the classroom with a smile on his face.

Mizuhime couldn’t wait any more time and suddenly stood up.

- Could I please… go to the bathroom? – she simply said.

- Sure, why not? – answered Hanazen-san. – but be right back

- Yeah, of course!

She left the classroom walking slowly, but, at the corridor, where nobody could see her, she started running towards the toilet. She tried opening the door, but she couldn’t. She hit the door twice but nobody answered. One thing was clear: the girls’ bathroom was locked. She looked at the boys’ bathroom for a moment. The door was open, and it was like saying “enter through me!”. However, she was too dignified to do such a thing, and headed back to the classroom to tell the teacher what had happened.

She entered the classroom with her body shaking uncontrollably and stated:

- ¡The girls’ bathroom door is shut tight!

The students started murmuring and soon the classroom was noisy. Mizuhime had her two legs pushing violently against each other, and her face was giving clues to the students of what was happening to her: her face was red and her eyes were closed strongly.

- Was it you, Omoshiro? – Maki asked.

- Of course it was me! What are you, dumb? Anyway, where is Bakahi?

- He left without the teacher noticing, to set a trap on Mizuhime’s home.

- That idiot…! That’s too risky!

- Well, he did it. What now?

Omoshiro didn’t answer. Instead, he opened his schoolbag and took a videocamera out of it.

- Now! – he replied finally. – is when the fun really begins.

TO BE CONTINUED

*007*2010-06-26 00:04

Honestly, I didn't know where to start, that's why you might see a cliche there. Well, anyway:

A bladdery battle of wits: Mizuhime VS the omo–boys

Chapter 1: The first encounter

Part 2: The conversation and a two-hour long madness

- Is that so? -the teacher replied. - I guess you'll have to wait.

- Oh... I see. -Mizuhime was feeling terrible, she felt like the pee could come out any second, but she wan't going to give up so early.

She sat down on her seat, which gave her a moment of relief, but then her bladder started to call again. She nervously took her pencil and started taking note of what Hanazen-san was saying. When she thought it couldn't get worse, she was copying on her Biology notebook:

"The urine is composed from the following elements: water, sodium chloride, urea..."

"Don't give me a fuck!", she thought. The more she copied, the more irritated she became, and the more she needed to pee. "Once the bladder is 1/2 full, the urine can be excreted by means of a voluntary process called urination"

"Oh yeah?", she thought, "Voluntary? Sell me that". Her bladder started to feel painful.

- The urine is created at the kidneys from waste, - Hanazen-san was saying -t hen transported from there through the ureters to the bladder, and... Well, let's leave it at that.

The classroom was silent. It wasn't the end of the biology class yet. There still were ten minutes to go before it finished, and Hanazen-san NEVER ended a class before the hour o'clock.

- Can I speak to you in the corridor, in private, Mizuhime-chan?

The whole classrom was staring at her, and she couldn't help but to go red again.

- Sure.

So they went out of the classroom. When nobody could see her, Mizuhime put both hands pushing strongly against her urethra. The teacher didn't seem to care, though. She clearly understood what was going on, so lying to her would do no good. Hanazen-san spoke first:

- You see, about that lock... There is but one thing that comes to my mind. You may be a target for them.

- The... the omo-boys? -Mizuhime replied slowly, because she had to focus on controlling her bladder.

- Yes, it seems so. Do you know about them?

- They once picked on me. But I was able to pee in a bathroom in the end. -Mizuhime's sentence ended in a sob, proof of how desperate she was.

- I see. The leader of the omo-boys is a mistery. Rumour has it that he owns a videocamera with more than fifteen videos of girls... well, you know... that... because of him.

- Being desperate like little girls?

- No. Videos of girls peeing themselves. They say they are being spread through the Internet.

- Fuck it!

- He wears a black mask and quickly flees when he gets his new video. I run a secret investigation to uncover him. And when the time comes, he will finally get his punishment.

- I hope you find that sucker. -Mizuhime added. She was shaking desperately. She pushed her vagina and looked around. Then she continued. -I thought of using the boys' bathroom when nobody's looking, you see.

- That would have been a fatal mistake. He has put a hidden camera there. I know that as a matter of fact, but I was never able to ubicate it.

- But I REALLY need to pee... I can't hold it!

- Sorry, but I can't do anything more for you. When the classes end, two hours from now, you should rush home as fast as you can. If you slow down, they'll probably sneak into your home and lock the bathroom there. Don't ask me how, but be sure that they can do so. I have to go to another classroom now.

- Wait, Hanazen-sensei. Anything can happen, so, if I ever feel like I'm going to fail...

Omoshiro was laughing in the loud classroom.

- Do you see it now? That girl is helpless. But I really thought she would fall for the boys' bathroom trap!

- Isn't it better a video of a girl peeing herself than a video of a girl entering the boys' bathroom to pee? -Maki asked.

- Yeah, I know, but if I lock the boys' bathroom too, I could get desperate myself. I don't like taking risks. I know there is a teacher after me, but I don't know who. Still, I will never get too confident to fall for any of his or her traps, I assure you.

Mizuhime entered the classroom then, red-faced and shaking. She sat down, and soon a teacher entered.

- Mizuhime, are you OK? -Misaki-chan, her best friend, asked.

- Yeah, no big deal - she answered.

- Is it true that you... well, that you are doing that because you "have to go"?

It seemed like everyone had noticed. Her situation couldn't get worse. She sniffed, sobbed, and then replied:

- Yeah... yeah, it's true.

- I... I need to go too -she whispered. Mizuhime didn't know if it was true, or if she had said that only because she felt sorry for Mizuhime. Either case, she was a true friend. -I hope we find our way to a bathroom -she continued.

- Yeah. - Mizuhime couldn't really form full sentences.

- Hey, you two! - the teacher said - Could you please pay attention? You, Mizuhime. Stand up and tell the classroom what I was talking about. And the others, don't help her!

- Well, um... - she started. She was focusing on her bladder too much that she couldn't form a sentence, and she was moving in a strange way. She had two options: to tell the truth in front of their classmates, or to encourage herself to answer the teacher's question. She obviously chose the less embarrasing option.

- You were talking about a kind of chemicals called "Oxysalts". They are... molecules... formed from a metal, a non-metal element... and... oxygen.

The teacher was admired.

- Well, yes, I was talking about that, although I still hadn't said what they were formed of.

"Because you are too damn slow!", she thought.

- You did it! - Misaki-chan said.

- But... - Mizuhime replied and looked at her watch. They still had to go through one hour and a half of quiet desperation!

TO BE CONTINUED

*010*2010-06-26 13:33

{{:

Too cliched at the beginning, or maybe that'd make things epic. You're striving to combine innocent and intense desperation with a people who are into omorashi and a little sense of mystery. That'd spoil a little of the omorashi excitement but it'll turn out cool

}}

She has to be very intelligent, for things to come. You'll see soon enough ^^. Maybe it's a bit cliched, but this story wouldn't make sense if Mizuhime wasn't as clever and astute. And, to be honest, I didn't know where to start, so I had to make a beginning out of something. But I assure you the whole story will be quite original, although that may spoil the omorashi excitement as you well said. Let's see how it turns out.

I don't plan on making this chapter so long, but you can expect at least 2 more parts, maybe 3.

*012*2010-06-30 23:15

The thing is, they would of course get expelled, but nobody knows that Omoshiro is in fact the leader of the omo-boys (that's the whole point of Hanazen's secret investigation, really.

WARNING: This part was written by a guy with an empty bladder. It may not be as awesome as the other two.

A bladdery battle of wits: Mizuhime VS the omo–boys

Chapter 1: The first encounter

Part 3: Before the bell rang

"Damn, I can't do it", she kept telling herself, "if I only could find the key to the bathroom... wait, that omo-leader must be keeping it. This is no good, I can't even think!". She needed to go badly, and started moving around using all the space the chair and table let her.

Her legs were trembling, even while moving around, and her body was moving forward and backward violently. All the classroom were staring at her, not paying attention to the teacher. As he saw the situation, he stared at Mizuhime and recalled when she was distracted. "What can be bothering her", he wondered, "menstruation, maybe? No, that's not it. But then, what can it be?"

Suddenly the door opened, and Hanazen-san entered the classroom and quickly got near Yamashita-san, the Chemics teacher. She started whispering at his ear, and he listened to everything she said with surprise written in his face. Then he replied "alright", and Hanazen-san left.

Mizuhime wasn't really listening to what was going on, because she was squirming so bad, and couldn't stand sitting. If she only could stand up...

Yamashita-san picked up a chalk and started writing on the blackboard some words that, by that time, only Mizuhime and Omoshiro could understand. When he had finished, he said:

- Alright, so this is what we'll do. You'll come to the blackboard in descendent order of your marks on your last test. If you solve the exercises correctly, -he looked at Mizuhime out of the corner of his eye -youcan go home. If you don't, which is the most likely scenario since I haven't explained it to you yet, you'll stay. Ok, so the one who got best marks last time is... Aimo Mizuhime. Come over here, please.

- What? - she asked. She had heard what the teacher had said, but her brain couldn't operate with it as it was busy holding her urine.

- Come on, Mizuhime! If you do that, you can go home! -Misaki-chan told her

- Really? - she suddenly stood up, which made her feel somewhat relieved, and walked fast to the blackboard.

- There, you can start. - the teacher said.

Everybody was glaring at her while she was writting the first formule with her right hand and holding her crotch with her left hand.

"HMnO4, that was easy. Now to the other one... DAMN IT!". She had focused too much on the formule, and a little spurt of pee went down. Fortunately, it was so small that nobody could see it, probably merely a drop or two. But she felt her panties were a bit wet. She left the chalk, put both her hands pressing her crotch violently and thought of all the valences she needed to combine with oxygen, and held them to memory. Then, she grabbed the chalk and quickly wrote down every formule. Without bothering if it was right or not, she started to put everything into her schoolbag.

- It's ok, you can go home, - Yamashita-san said.

- Wait - Omoshiro popped out of nowhere - Is that an H or a N? It's hard to tell.

- Well, it would be weird to put Nitrogen instead of Hydrogen, keeping in mind that she had put Hydrogen in all the other ones. I do believe that is an H. -The teacher stared at him like he was saying "if you open your mouth, you'll be punished for being a suspect in the omo-boys case". -Now come here, you know you're the next.

Mizuhime rushed out of the school with her schoolbag at her back, running like there was no tomorrow, with her hands near her crotch, maybe touching it. Ten minutes, at most, and she should be home. She came across Bakahi on the way, but she didn't realized his presence. The boy laughed and walked in the direction she was heading. He knew, since he had just come from there. He was going to inform the leader of the situation via cell phone when she was inside.

Mizuhime entered the house using her key, quite accurately for someone so desperate, and said: -Is somebody home? -She didn't get a reply, so she pee danced while running to the bathroom. She couldn't open it. She became more desperate, because she was so near a bathroom. She hit the door quite many times until she realized it was locked tight. -Is the bathroom occupied? -She didn't get an answer again. "Hanazen-san said", she thought, "they could really lock the bathroom in my home. Are they really that fast?" She tapped the floor repeatedly with her feet and moaned.

"I can't give up, there must be something... I wonder if I'm being watched right now". She got off her home and rushed for the departement store. There were plenty of bathrooms there, and they didn't have the time to lock them all. She felt like she had won a battle of wits. But it had just started. Omoshiro had just left the school and was hading there as well. He got a phone call that she was heading in that direction, and he knew the departement store was further from her home than from the school. He got in and started his business. His locking technique was so fast and elegant that nobody saw what he was doing. While doing so, he found a dead-end corridor where the lights were off. He searched for a bathroom there, but didn't find it. He was also locking the boys', but left one undone, urinated there, and then locked it. There was one problem: one bathroom was occupied.

Finally, desperate Mizuhime entered the departement store and looked around her, but didn't see any. By that time, the bell had definitely rung, and she could see it as Misaki-chan was there.

- They locked the bathrom in my home - Misaki said, hopelessly - Ah! I need to go...

A woman then went out of the occupied bathroom in front of Omoshiro's black mask. He couldn't do anything now. The girls looked at each other's desperation, and Misaki-chan unnecesarily explained the situation:

- There's the two of us... But only one free bathroom!

Both girls had their hands holding their crotch strongly, their body squirming frantically and a expression of pain and hopelessness in their faces.

- We must choose, and fast! - Mizuhime cried.

- Aaaaargh... No!

- You go first! - Mizuhime shouted suddenly.

- You... sure? - Misaki-chan's body was bent and she was sweating.

- Just do it. I'll find a dark place and, uh, wait for you to end.

- OK! - Misaki-chan entered the bathroom and, with all people's eyes staring at her, some surprised, and some amused, she ran off and found the dead-end dark corridor, and started pee-dancing and moaning as nobody could see her. She was at the limit of her forces, and a little spurt of urine found its way to the panties, which made the situation even worse. She bent her body more and more, and pee-dance more and more.

"I will make it... I think she should have finished by now..." -She prepared to make a frenzy rush, but then the lights were turned on, and a boy wearing a black mask made her gasp. She pee-danced a bit more, and when she was going to run towards the guy, it happened. The movement of her legs ceased, and the pee started to find its way out. She tried to stop it, but it had already started and could only go faster. The boy was recording every of her movements. She made a little puddle on the floor and then fell down on her knees and sat over her legs, waiting for her bladder to be empty. When it finished, there was a big puddle on the floor, and she was sweating and blushing. Everything went as predicted for Omoshiro-kun. But wait, there was one thing that wasn't right. He had seen plenty of girls wetting themselves, and there was something different, unusual, unlikely, something that was starting to get on his nerves. She was smiling.

- Why...? - he said, too shocked to speak more than that. After an uncomfortable silence, he started shouting like crazy -WHY ARE YOU FUCKING SMILING? Come on, you have wet yourself! That's embarrasing! That's lame for you! Comeon, cry all as you want! CRY! DAMN YOU! THIS VIDEO... IT WILL BE ON THE INTERNET SOON!

She slowly stood up and laughed. It was a creepy laugh, that definitely meant "I won".

- Now, she laughs! Can I know what is up to you?

- Look behind you, silly-boy.

As he was turning back, his fear wasn't but increasing. Hanazen-san was there, and when he saw her, she grabbed him, making him unable to move, and took of his mask.

- No way! - Mizuhime said - Omoshiro? Is it you?

- Wow, this is unexpected. You are the leader of the omo-boys. I have finally found you.

- I'm not.

- What?

- After this, you won't have any evidence -He broke the camera's memory card into two.

- Who cares about that? I had to find the omo-leader and bring him to... YOUR new school.

- Hah, beats me. I'll just do the same there. I'm a quite clever boy, remember?

- Oh, didn't I mention it's an only-boys school?

- WHAT? No! You wouldn't do that to me, would you? PLEASE!

- It's over, Omoshiro. You are being judged -Mizuhime broke the dialogue -You're finished. This was our B-plan, in case I didn't find my way to a bathroom, I asked Hanazen-san to follow me just as you did. So, it was win or win.

- Let's call it a draw, shall we? At least I could see a cute girl like you wetting herself.

Mizuhime was shocked by what Omoshiro had just said, and wondered what it could mean. Mizuhime changed clothes right there, after turning the lights off, with some dry clothes Hanazen had brought for her, as a part of her brilliant plan. With everything finally over, and the wet clothes inside a school bag she didn't leave at home purposefully, she headed back home. It was the end of the battle, but the war had just begun.

CHAPTER CLOSED

