Yui and her magic bladder techniques

Author: YassmineK

*000*2023-08-08 23:26

Episode 0 - prologue/ introduction.

Ema Tsubasa (changed from Maki Ayase) is a 20 year old Japanese University student studying medicine in Hiroshima, Japan, she lives with her family consisting of her father, Asahi, a tired businessman, her mother, Aiko, who used to be a housewife, but is going back into her old profession of teaching at a highschool, and her younger sister, Chika , who attends the same high school her mother works at.

Ema wasn’t the most average woman you’d meet, she appeared very average, she was 5’3”, athletic, had B cup breasts, and had a toned body, with her legs, bum and stomach being fairly muscular, though she was still fairly small and lean, at 50kg. She had black straight hair past her shoulders, and a slim and attractive face, she also had brown, seductive eyes. Additionally, what made her not your average woman was her unique bladder ability’s, which she only now becomes aware of and is able to use.

Her sexuality, in her own perspective was still undecided for her, she didn’t have an attraction to men or women, and didn’t have much interest in relationships in general, what she did know she was into, was Omorashi, she enjoyed holding her pee and wetting herself when she couldn’t hold it anymore, though nobody knew this about her.

The prologue begins on a Saturday morning, a week before her next term at Medical school started, she had been out with some friends drinking and enjoying herself the night prior, she had been very drunk and went to sleep late, she was awoken at 11am, very hungover and with a desperate urge to pee, by her mother knocking on the door.

Her mother gently opened the door and came in with a large glass of water, a bowl of soup some gyoza. Her mother was wearing some beige trousers and a white shirt.

”You drank way too much last night, you were hopelessly drunk when you got home. Have this, it will help with your hangover” Aiko said.

Ema, being very tired and hungover said in a strained voice “thanks mom” and began to rehydrate and eat. She had a really strong urge to pee, but was too tired and didn’t want to go just yet. She put one hand down to her crotch to hold herself as she continued to drink the water and eat what Aiko had brought her.

Aiko began to scold Ema for being reckless and shameful for drinking so much, but the words weren’t entering Ema’s head, as she was tired, but also thinking of other things. She laid her head down and her eyes lined up with her mothers crotch, she thought about what was happening inside her bladder, when weirdly enough, a sort of UI or HUD started to form, stating all sorts of information such as current volume of pee/ total bladder capacity, kidney function, showing how long it would take at her current rate to produce 100ml of pee, when she had last been to the toilet, and also a timer, but she didn’t understand what the timer meant just yet, she stopped thinking about it and it disappeared, she looked down at her own crotch and the same happened, showing a couple alarming things too.

First off, her bladder was at maximum capacity, even with a small danger sign next to it, as well as the timer again, this time she assumed that it was how long she had left until she lost control, her bladder function was high too, at 100mls of pee produced every 5 minutes, compared to her mothers 25 minutes. According to the timer, she had 20 minutes before losing control. “This is so fucking cool” Ema thought to herself, “I don’t know why I can do this, but I wonder what else I could do with it.” She wondered.

Her mother was still scolding her about the previous night things like “have you no shame?” And “this is not what our family tolerates” were wizzing by her as they were shouted out by Aiko. She laid her head back up and it aligned with Aikos bladder again, but this time there was a new symbol, it looked similar to a settings option, when Ema thought about the settings, she was presented a few options, Deposit, Withdraw and Swap.

“What the fuck am I looking at” though Ema, she selected deposit first, as it was at the very top, and it showed a diagram of two bladders, with her and her mothers names above the respective one. Ema’s, as previously mentioned was completely full and it said 1100/1100 ml above it with a little warning symbol, Aikos had a bladder which was less than a quarter full, which said 200/1000 ml above it. Both also had Timers, Ema’s timer had dropped to 15 minutes and was counting down the second, 54…53…52…51, etc, and Aikos said 235 minutes, with seconds counting down, 25…24…23…22, etc. “ I must be dreaming or still drunk, surely?” Thought Ema. But she carried on with her selection.

The prompt “deposit into…” appeared with Aiko being the only option. Ema selected her mother and another prompt appeared “how much?” She had 3 options “manual, full or empty” each came with a description “manual allows for a precise amount of pee to be transferred from one bladder to another, to the closest ml”

“full will deposit just the right amount to fill the recipients bladder” and “empty will deposit the full reservoir of pee into the recipient” Ema selected “empty” another prompt came up which stayed the following “WARNING, selected amount for deposit is larger than recipients remaining capacity, if this deposit is carried out, the recipient will instantly start to pee and be unable to stop until their bladder is emptied. Continue?” Ema couldn’t believe what she was reading, but selected the “do not ask again” and “yes” options, it said “please wait”.

The UI disappeared from Ema’s vision and after a couple seconds, she started to feel relief as if she was peeing, but she wasn’t peeing and was still dry, her mother Aiko was still telling her off, but seemed to be getting rapidly uncomfortable and started to cross her legs, eventually, as Ema felt totally empty, she was still staring at Aiko’s crotch to see if she was hallucinating or dreaming, when she saw a dark patch start to form on her mothers beige jeans, the wet patch grew rapidly and Aiko noticed, she didn’t know where this sudden urge to Pee came from, but she noticed that it was coming out on its own.

She clammed up completely and used the tray she used to carry the drink and the food to cover up her crotch, but it wasn’t big enough as the stain grew in both width and length, thundering down her legs like a waterfall, she quickly left Ema’s room and Ema had a peak out of her door and her mother was leaving a large pee trail and had the most unbelievably large piss stain on the back of her jeans before she rushed into the toilet and an audible gasp was heard after the shut the door.

Ema pinched herself, and realised she was awake and not hallucinating, she realised that she had a unique power, and she wanted to find out what the other powers she had did as well.

Ema showered, cleaned up the mess Aiko made in her room and decided to go to a park. She was wearing a black skirt with thigh high socks, a pair of black converse, a black thong with a white polo shirt and hoodie, she had done her makeup as well. She had a small bottle of water with her and she decided to try the other two powers on strangers.

The second one she tried was bladder swap, she was sat on a bench next to another young woman, about her age and wearing a similar outfit too. Ema looked down at her bladder and it said “650/1100ml” and she tried to glance at the woman next to hers bladder as well and got a reading of “410/550ml”, the bladder swap option had become available, she selected it and the strangers name appeared “Yumiko” it stated, she engaged the bladder swap function and it came up with another warning, stating “WARNING one of the trade recipients does not have the total bladder capacity required for effective bladder trade, would you like to continue?” She selected yes and don’t ask me again yet again.

This time it was pretty much instant, she felt instant relief and she looked over to Yumiko who was holding her bladder, and then a second later, a pee stream started to come out from her panties and squirt onto the floor, Yumiko seemed panicked as she started to pee herself on the floor, Ema decided that this wasn’t right and quickly selected the withdrawal feature, she connected with Yumikos bladder and selected to “empty” on yumiko, she selected confirm and watched as Yumiko stopped peeing, and Emma felt a large amount of piss enter back into her bladder, which was a weird sensation for her. Yumiko, clearly embarrassed, quickly got up and walked away, Ema felt bad and decided she needed punishment, so she headed to a nearby supermarket and waited by the bathroom door, she had decided her punishment for making poor Yumiko piss herself was to withdraw too much from passers by going to the toilet.

She stood by the toilet entrance and waited a couple minutes before a man turned up, she quickly connected to him and it said “Morgan”, he had 600/650ml, Ema had 600/1100, so withdrawing this much would cause he to pee uncontrollably, she selected withdrawal and got an error message saying “WARNING You do not have the required bladder capacity for successful withdrawal, would you like to continue?”

She selected yes and don’t ask me again. Ema felt something very unpleasant going on as her bladder rapidly filled up, and she started to let out a dribble which then became a hard stream, soaking her panties and forming a pool beneath her, a large puddle was forming, the Morgan guy came out of the bathroom after not long to see Ema pissing herself with the puddle getting larger and larger each second, he quickly walked by without a word. Ema enjoyed the actual peeing, but the withdrawal felt rather unpleasant, but it wasn’t something she couldn’t get used to.

Eventually she had stopped peeing, and there was a huge puddle beneath her, her panties were soaked. She walked out the bathroom and left shoe prints as she walked until the pee on the bottom of her shoes dried, she walked home and was thinking about her new abilities and what she would use them for, and she noticed a new, 4th ability called bladder split. But she had decided to wait on testing it out, as she had had her fill of piss today.

This ends this prologue of how Ema discovered her powers, and how she initially learned how to use them, if I feel like writing some more, ill Write about more times she uses it, sometimes when it goes well and others when it backfires. Things should get interesting when she goes back to med school, that’s for certain.

Thank you for reading, this is something I’ve never done before and I hope it was up to standard. I’ll probably write at the very least 2 more and if people are interested I’ll write more after that as well.

Update, the title is wrong, it should be Ema, not Yui. Apologies

*003*2023-08-09 11:37

{{11 hours ago, warham1995 said:

. also would some characters be masochists and ask her to fill their bladders because they are intrigued by her powers and want to experience them for themselves?

}}

That’s a pretty good idea actually, I could write that as the premise for another volume if you wanted me to?

*005*2023-08-09 18:03

{{6 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

Yes, also i think that one of the characters should be a popular girl that is a secret masochist when she is not hanging out with her popular friends and has a big crush on ema and tries to hang out with her but ema wasn't interested but she keeps trying to get her to notice her love for her so she seductively asks ema to fill her bladder.

}}

That could work but I’d have to adjust a few things. Like how does this popular girl know that Ema has this power? Does anyone else know she has this power? I guess I could start some kind of gossip train where the popular girl hears a rumour about it and tries to get close to see it so she can have her bladder filled

*006*2023-08-09 18:11

The official part 1 has been written and posted if anyone wants to have a look. It’s under a different title being “Ema’s bladder technology Vol 1 - Mrs Jones Punishment”

