Persona 5: The Desperate Beauty Thief

Author: Yawnoslom

*000*2023-06-02 20:07

Hi Everyone! This is my first time ever writing a fic for this site. Any feedback and criticisms you may have are more then welcome! This is my first time writing in awhile, so there may be some mistakes here I did not notice. Please enjoy!

###

12/4

Sunday

Daytime

"Alright, we have our target. Let's move!"

The seven teenagers and their talking cat exited Café Leblanc and made their way toward the train station. Yongen-Jaya was quiet today due to the cold weather, making it easy for the large group to traverse. Thankfully, they had all been warmed up by Sojiro's hot coffee and curry they had all come to love each time they visited the hideout. It also proved to be effective for keeping the groups' energy up during trips to the metaverse. Today, the team known as the Phantom Thieves had planned to make a quick trip to Mementos as their leader, Ren Amamiya, obtained a lead on a new target that seemed to be causing quite a stir in certain circles of the public.

The group had boarded the train and were well on their way towards Shibuya, which contained the entrance to Mementos in the underground subway stations. Haru had managed to grab a seat next to the windows, while the others grabbed seats that were close by. To pass the time, Haru had begun looking out the windows of the train and watched as the buildings and city whizzed by. It was a good chance for her to relax before they all had to go into Mementos and fight against the shadows with all their strength.

As Haru gazed at the city zooming by out the window, she began to reflect on the previous months. To say that her life had been like a roller-coaster these past couple of months would be an understatement. It felt like just yesterday she had found Morgana, or as she called him, Mona-Chan, and was quickly whisked into her father's palace. That was back in September, and so much had happened between that time and now. It all had taken quite an emotional toll on Haru, but she did her absolute best not to let it show to her friends. She had been so thankful to them for being there for her during the tragedy back in October with her father, and she didn't want to bother them any further with her issues. She had already relied on their leader far too much, but he never seemed to mind.

That had been another new part of Haru's life. She had begun to spend more time with Ren after school starting in November. He came to hang out with her quite frequently, much to her surprise. She hadn't expected him to waste his time with her, especially with how busy his life was as the leader of the Phantom Thieves. She was highly thankful for it though, as he had been helping her with her problems regarding her father's company and her arranged marriage. A slight smile formed on her face as she thought of him.

One thing Haru had been keeping secret, and planned to keep secret, is that she formed a slight crush on Ren. It didn't take long to form, and their time together had only made her attraction toward him stronger. He had listened to what she told him carefully and gave her solid advice and encouragement, he frequently offered to help with her garden on the school roof, and the way he moved around in the metaverse was so…smooth. She thought it was childish how quickly she had begun to feel this kind of affection towards him, but she could not deny that the feelings were there. Just thinking of him had Haru blushing on the crowded train.

"Yo Haru, you comin'?" Ryuji called over to her.

In an instant, Haru snapped out of her thoughts and realized they had arrived at their destination. Embarrassed for letting herself be distracted by her own thoughts, Haru quickly stood from her seat and followed the crowd out of the train and into Shibuya. The city was absolutely bustling with people to the surprise of no one. Not even the cold weather seemed to influence the busy streets of Shibuya. The gang traversed the city and mentally prepared themselves for the fights that awaited them in Mementos. No matter how strong they got, fighting shadows never seemed to get any easier.

Before long the group had reached their destination, the underground subway station. Morgana gave them all a quick reminder to make sure that the coast was clear, as Ren brought up the Metanav on his phone. They can't risk anyone seeing them disappear into the metaverse, or else they'd really be in trouble. It took a bit, but it seemed like they finally had a window of opportunity where no one would see them.

"Alright, let's go. Now!" Morgana yelled.

Ren quickly accepted the nav's request to enter into Mementos, and the world around the group of Phantom Thieves had quickly begun to shift. It always felt weird entering the metaverse, whether it be palaces or Mementos. Haru felt that she would likely never get used to it. However, something felt off about it to her this time. The subway station was slowly morphing into the Mementos they all had come to recognize, and all at once everyone had morphed into their Phantom Thief attire, but Haru still felt off. It finally clicked for her once the navigation was fully completed and they had settled into the other world. She started to feel a very slight pressure in her bladder that was just barely noticeable.

@@"Oh no…" Haru muttered. This wasn't something she had been expecting. She never had to use the restroom during the trips to the metaverse, so why now? Then she remembered that she drank just a little more coffee than usual earlier when they were all at Leblanc. Ren had offered her another cup after she finished her first, and she couldn’t help but accept. Then it happened again after she finished that cup and accepted a third. She was surprised she hadn’t felt so jittery from all the caffeine. Nevertheless, this wasn't much of a bother for Haru. She had been used to holding it during her father's many fancy events. He always denied her the privilege to use the bathroom in fear that it would make her seem unprofessional, so her bladder was already accustomed to the task. On top of that, the urge was barely even there, to begin with. Furthermore, they only had one target in Mementos today so they would be in and out in an hour at most. All these reasons gave Haru the confidence that she could hold it.

"Alright, listen up! Let's go over our target one more time," Morgana insisted. Ann groaned in response, "Do we really need to? We already went over everything back at Leblanc." The group gathered around Mona, "I apologize, Lady Panther, I just want to make sure we have everything covered," he then glanced over at Ryuji "and I think some of us may not have been paying full attention back there."

Ryuji instantly gave the smug monster cat an angry look. "I-I was paying attention! Course I was! Why do you hafta single me out? I mean Fox was completely focused on all the souvenir crap laying around Ren's room!" Yusuke was prepared to debate with him on these souvenirs being valuable works of art and not 'crap' but before he could even get a word out Makoto interrupted.

"Please proceed, Mona, it would help some of us to get a reminder on our target," Makoto said with a hint of aggravation in her voice. Haru was just thankful her friend sped the conversation along and prevented a shouting match between the three boys from breaking out. She also made a mental note to use their codenames from here on while they’re in the Metaverse.

"Right. Here's what we're dealing with…"

In a matter of minutes, Mona had summed everything up about their target quite nicely. A request had appeared on the Phansite a few days ago that was quite alarming. It came from a distressed member of a gang who resides in an unknown location in Tokyo. Apparently, this gang he's a part of has quite a corrupt leader. The member who posted the request stated this leader has recently been creating an unstable and harsh environment and is fearing for his and his fellow gang member's safety. Every time someone even slightly disobeys his orders or questions his authority, they tend to 'disappear'. Whenever it seemed like he was about to be cornered by the law, he always manages to slip away. While a gang leader being somewhat mad with power isn't all that surprising or even uncommon, he's still quite dangerous so the group unanimously agreed to accept the request. Ren quickly did some digging shortly after and found that the name of this leader is Takaya Toshio.

"Piece of shit. The hell does he think is?!" Ryuji spat. Haru noted how Ryuji always seemed to get worked up about the actions of these corrupt individuals that were reported on the Phansite, and rightfully so. "It's despicable," she said, "We should make our way down and work to change his heart as quick as we can."

Makoto was pleased to see the two so eager. "We should proceed with caution and keep our guards up. From the description of the post, it seems like he's quite an unstable individual. There's no telling what his shadow is capable of." Futaba grinned at Makoto's words of warning. "I'm not worried! The Phantom Thieves aren't gonna lose to a slimy boss like him." She then gave Ren a smug look, "Riiight Joker?"

All at once, everyone turned to face the leader of the Phantom Thieves. Haru always loved this part…

"Everyone, it's showtime!" Ren shouted. With everyone's spirits now high, they quickly descended to the entrance of Mementos. Morgana ran ahead and transformed into his bus formation for everyone to pile into. "Hop in everyone, let's not waste any time."

One by one the young thieves took their seats, with Makoto driving the vehicle like always since she was the only one with a license. Futaba called shotgun and quickly hopped into the front passenger seat next to her. Everyone else piled into the back seats of the bus. Haru managed to get a seat next to Ren, which she was giddy about on the inside. However, the moment she sat down she felt that familiar feeling in her bladder. Still not urgent at all, but it was there, and she could barely feel it. She ignored it and told herself to focus on the more important task at hand. There would be time to use the bathroom once they're all back in the real world, she thought to herself.

"I'm getting a strong shadow reading in the Path of Adyeshach. We should head there." Futaba suggested. Her Persona allowed her to get a good read on the target's location from afar. Without hesitation, Makoto drove the bus into the shortcut that would take them all there within a matter of minutes. Along the way, the thieves engaged in some idle chatter to help pass the time. Ryuji and Ann complained about the upcoming exams, while Makoto and Morgana nagged them about studying properly. Futaba and Yusuke engaged in a discussion about Sojiro's cooking and how Yusuke might be able to replicate some of his meals with his strict budget. Haru observed everyone silently, just happy to be in the presence of her friends even with that slightly annoying feeling in her lower abdomen.

Before long, they had reached the end of the shortcut and entered the first floor of the Path of Adyeshach. "I'm sensing him somewhere below us…" Futaba said, focused on the target. Makoto drove carefully so as not to alert any nearby shadows. The last thing they all needed was an ambush. The shadows only get stronger the deeper into Mementos they go. "I'll keep an eye out for the stairs," she said quietly, "you all do the same."

As the bus drove slowly along the bumpy tracks of Mementos, they all kept a lookout for any stairs that would lead to the floor below. Haru could feel each bump on the track in her bladder. It didn't bother her all that much as her bladder still wasn't all that full, it was just a bit annoying. She quickly brushed the feeling aside and continued to focus. Eventually, they all spotted the stairs that led downward and drove off.

The moment they reached the next floor, both Futaba and Morgana sensed the same thing. "He's here, on this floor!" They said in unison. Haru was grateful he wasn't so far down so they could all get this over with quickly. Makoto proceeded to drive carefully. It didn't take long for them all to find the entrance that would lead them to his shadow. "What's your call, Joker? Ready to head in?" Morgana asked.

"Let's go, everyone." He responded as cool and confident as ever. Haru couldn't help but smile.

The bus drove into the entrance, and they were all transported to a separate area of Mementos. What greeted them was the shadow of Takaya Toshio, with his back turned towards them. It's as if he wasn't aware of their presence. They all quickly hopped out of the bus ready for a fight, but before they could get too close, Futaba stopped them. "I'm sensing the presence of other shadows in the area. Almost as if they're watching us. They're weak, but if they interfere it could be bad…" she warned. "Then we'll split into two groups," Ren suggested. "Mona, Skull, and Noir will come with me to confront Takaya's shadow, the rest of you keep watch to make sure those stray shadows don't get in the way."

Haru was pleased that Ren had picked her to join the main team but felt sorry for her own bladder if this was going to be like every other confrontation with a shadow. The team split, and the four thieves slowly approached the intimidating shadow.

"Yo, you Takaya?" Ryuji asked straight out. The shadow turned to face them but seemed unsurprised by their presence. He flashed them a sadistic smile and seemed almost pleased to meet them. His face had quite a few scars, likely from the years of experience being in a gang. "You must be the Phantom Thieves, correct? Here to change my heart, hm?" His voice was almost as unflattering as his appearance. "Here's an idea, instead of changing my heart why don't you work for me instead? The life of a gang member is much more thrilling and rewarding than that of a Phantom Thief," he bargained. "Yeah right," Morgana said immediately not buying it, "as if we'd join a group with a leader as corrupt and dangerous as you."

Takaya's smile slowly turned into a grimace. Before he could get a word out, Haru Interrupted. "Mona-chan is right! A leader who abuses his subordinates for his own gain is no leader at all. That's not to mention all the horrible things you've done." Haru tried to ignore just how much this all reminded her of her own father. Takaya clenched his fist and was about ready to fly into a rage, but Ren stepped forward and made clear their intentions. "We're changing your heart," He said firmly.

Takaya's expression shifted back into a wicked grin. Something about the sudden change made Haru feel anxious. "Very well," Takaya said, "if that's how it's going to be then…catch me if you can!" In a split-second Takaya's shadow disappeared. "Get them!" The shadow's voice echoed. Haru felt her stomach drop. Ryuji ran forward and shouted, "Get back here you piece of shit! We ain't done with you!" Futaba immediately called after him with her persona, "Skull get back! Those shadows from before are-"

Seemingly from nowhere, four shadows appeared surrounding the group. "The hell, where'd you guys come from?!" Ryuji shouted. The group of four thieves quickly huddled together, ready for a fight. "Guess we have no choice. Get ready!" Morgana shouted. The first shadow immediately made its move and lunged at Haru. She barely dodged, and immediately followed with a counterattack using her axe. Much to her surprise, the shadow fell and evaporated without a hassle. Usually, they put up more of a fight. Futaba wasn't exaggerating when she said they were weak earlier. In just a few mere minutes, the other three shadows went down as well with the four working together.

The other members rushed over. "Are you guys, okay?!" Ann asked, worried. "We're fine," Ryuji sounded annoyed, "but that asshole got away!" Futaba performed a scan of the area, carefully searching for any trace of Takaya's shadow. "I'm not getting anything here, but…" her voice sounded almost disappointed. "I think he retreated to another floor down below. He's somewhere maybe between five to ten floors down. That…cheater!" Futaba groaned and stomped her feet. Yusuke grimaced, "Such a cowardly man. Retreating and letting others do his dirty work for him. How pathetic."

It was just as Haru feared the moment Takaya's shadow vanished. They'd have to search and chase after him if they had any chance of changing his heart. This was turning out to be a longer Mementos expedition than they had all planned, and Haru could feel her bladder getting ever so slightly fuller. The idea of asking for a bathroom break in the real world crossed her mind, but it would be a pain having to exit and reenter Mementos, and she didn't want to inconvenience everyone else with her own needs. For a moment, she thought about going in Mementos, but the shadows could surprise her at any moment. Not to mention having to announce her need to urinate to everyone would be highly embarrassing, and going in Mementos would be even worse. But if these options were out of the question, then…

"It's settled, let's go after him!" Joker announced. Haru quickly snapped out of her thoughts, as it seemed like the team came to a decision while she was focused on her own little problem. Morgana hurriedly transformed back into his bus formation and once again, everyone climbed in and took the same seats as last time. Haru felt the same pressure in her bladder when she sat down like last time, but she continued to ignore it for the sake of the mission.

@@"I can do this. It's not that bad. I've been more desperate than this many times before," Haru thought to herself. She looked around the bus to see everyone engaged in a conversation about their target. She thought back to about a year ago when she was forced to attend a party hosted by her father. That night, she drank a ton more water than she probably should have to help calm her nerves. Of course, she forgot how much this would affect her bladder, so she naturally made her way to the bathroom. Before she could enter, her father pulled her aside and reminded her that it would be rude and unprofessional to excuse herself in this manner in a house full of guests. She tried to argue, but he was firm. She never did understand his reasoning. The rest of that night was spent subtly holding in a full bladder worth of pee, and trying to prevent any accidents from happening, all the while conversing with the guests. When the party finally wrapped up hours later, she made a mad dash to her private bathroom. She recalled the relief and how amazing it felt after hours of being forced to hold it in. She remembered sitting there for at least a minute, letting it all drain out. That was probably the worst she's ever had to go in her life. What she was feeling right now in Mementos doesn't even come close to how badly she needed to go back then. Thinking this, her confidence came back to her.

@@She was startled out of her thoughts once again when she felt someone tapping her shoulder. She turned her head to see Ren looking at her with concern. "You alright, Noir? You seem distracted," he said in a quiet voice so that the others couldn't overhear. She was flattered he was concerned for her, but she had no idea how to respond. She never in a million years wanted him to know of her current predicament. She'd likely die of embarrassment if he did. "I'm fine," she said unsure of herself, "I-I was just thinking about my father." It wasn't a complete lie. She really was thinking of him. Ren seemed to understand almost immediately, but Haru continued, and he listened to her carefully. "Takaya reminds me of him in a lot of ways. The way he treats the other gang members is like that of how my father treated his employees," She stopped herself and shook her head slightly. "I apologize," she said quietly, "perhaps I shouldn't be comparing the two. I suppose I'm just a bit confused right now…"

Ren looked at her remorsefully. He didn't think of how this could relate back to Haru when he first accepted the request, and he felt stupid for not having seen the similarities until she pointed it out. "You don't have to apologize," he said reassuringly. "If this is tough for you, I understand. You can stay behind with the others the next time we encounter his shadow if that'd be easier for you?" He looked at her with concern. Haru met his gaze and found herself smiling. The way he cared for everyone in the group, she thought, was amazing. "No, that's okay! In fact, I…" she trailed off for a moment before finally declaring, "I-I'd like to be there with you when you change his heart. I want to see this through to the end!" Ren smiled at her confidence. She was a tough girl, and he had no idea how she was staying so strong after everything she's been through these past few months. He made a mental note to take her somewhere nice once everything settled down. She deserved it.

The two continued to converse, while everyone else also engaged in their own chatter amongst themselves. Meanwhile, Makoto remained focused on navigating Mementos with the occasional guidance from Futaba and Morgana. Haru found herself getting distracted by the conversation she and Ren were having. It helped take her mind off the ever-growing pressure in her bladder. The occasional bad bump in the tracks would remind Haru of her need, but crossing her legs seemed to fix that issue. She thought for a moment she saw him glancing at her constant leg movements, but figured her mind was playing tricks on her.

About twenty minutes later, they had only gotten to about four levels down. They still hadn't been ambushed by any shadows thankfully. Futaba and Morgana alerted that they felt Takaya's presence about two floors below them. Haru was relieved to see they were getting closer. With any luck, they'd change his heart and she'd reach a bathroom with her panties still bone dry. The thought made her blush, and she turned her attention back to the conversation she and Ren were having. She hadn't even noticed that she was bouncing her leg at this point. Another ten minutes later, they finally reached the desired floor.

"Alright, he should be around here somewhere. Keep an eye out for an entrance like we saw last time," Morgana suggested. For a few minutes, the thieves sat and observed in silence looking for any trace of an entryway as the bus drove along the tracks. The silence made it harder for Haru to ignore her bladder. Nevertheless, she remained alert. "I see it," Ann pointed to the north, "over that way!" Makoto stepped on the gas and drove straight ahead into the entrance. Like last time, they were all transported to a separate area within Mementos.

"I'm impressed, I didn't expect that you all would have the tenacity to chase me this far down," Takaya greeted them once more. The thieves all rushed out of the bus, ready to finish the job. "Hold on…I'm sensing a huge shadow presence nearby," Futaba warned. Takaya suddenly burst into laughter before vanishing once again. "I'm not ready for this little chase to be over quite yet. Come find me another six floors down. We'll finish things there. For now, I leave you with him," his voice echoed. Haru felt sick hearing this. She rarely ever got aggravated, but it felt as if the universe were against her. This was all but confirmed when a giant shadow appeared from where Takaya's shadow once stood.

@@"You gotta be effin kiddin me! That things the size of a frickin building!" Ryuji shouted. Wasting no time, all the thieves got into position with Futaba on support. "I'll try and analyze it," Futaba said panicked, "just hang in there, okay?" The shadow was immediately on the offensive and began firing an onslaught on agidyne and bufudyne magic, followed by a hefty physical attack. Haru didn't have the same luck as with the last battle and was struck by a bufudyne attack. While not lethal, it still caught her off guard and nearly knocked her down. A quick look at the others showed they weren't doing so hot either. Yusuke was knocked to the ground by its agidyne attack, and Ann was dazed from its physical strike. "Johana!" Makoto's voice rang out from calling her persona. A bright light flashed across the battlefield as the large shadow was struck with a nuclear freidyne skill, stunning it for a moment. This was followed by a loud BANG from Ren's gun which had the large shadow writhing in pain. "That's it, Joker," Futaba shouted excitedly, "It's weak to gun attacks and skills! Noir, it's all you!"

It was all down to Haru as she's the gun expert on the team. She physically carries a grenade launcher, and her persona has a wide variety of gun skills. Wanting to finish the battle quickly, she pulled out her grenade launcher and took aim at the shadow. She'd only get one chance, so she took her time waiting for the right moment. When the shadow turned to face her, she fired away at its large body. What soon followed was a large explosion and the giant shadow toppling over and fading into nothingness. The recoil of the grenade launcher and the explosion had knocked Haru over on her butt. Usually, she was able to handle its power, but the shadows ice magic, and her ever-filling bladder left her weak. The moment she slammed down to the floor, she felt it. A few drops of pee leaked out into her panties. She could feel the slight warmness down below and felt her cheeks grow red from embarrassment.

@@"That was great, Noir," Futaba cheered, "I bet you got a crapton of exp from that!" Haru was left speechless by her very slight leakage and didn't hear a word of what Futaba was saying at this point. The damage wasn't bad at all, but Haru was panicking on the inside. If this was a sign of things to come, then it wasn't looking good. She'd have to survive a trip through another six floors of Mementos as well as a battle with shadow Takaya, all with an expanding bladder. She snapped out of her thoughts when Ren held his hand out to her. "Are you okay? Can you stand?" he asked concerned. Haru took his hand and pulled herself up, still shocked by what happened. "I-I'm fine, just lost balance is all. Thank you," Haru replied nervously. She noticed that he seemed like he wasn't fully convinced she was all okay. Before he could question it any further, the sound of Morgana transforming echoed through the area. "C'mon, we're not letting him get away. You can all rest and heal up during the trip down. We're changing his heart for good!" Morgana said determinedly. "Uh, since when were you the one in charge? That's Joker's call, dude," Ryuji reminded him. Ren stepped forward to the doors of the bus. "Mona's right. Let's go, everyone."

Everyone took their seats once more, this time their spirits more drained than ever. Takaya was sneaky, and they were all left exhausted by his tricks. The moment they drove back into the main section of Mementos to continue their trek down, Haru focused on her bladder. By now, the cups of coffee from earlier had completely sped up the process and only made her bladder get fuller quicker. She crossed her legs tightly and attempted to focus on something else. That's when she realized the bus had gone completely silent. No one was speaking a word, as they were all left worn out by the previous battle. Ann and Yusuke were tending to their wounds, while Ryuji got some shuteye. Everyone else was staring out the window of the bus keeping a lookout for the stairs.

Haru always appreciated the quiet moments with her friends, but having a conversation going definitely would have taken her mind off her swollen bladder. She'd feel awkward if she were to break the silence now, and she couldn’t even think of a conversation starter at the moment. Her belt squeezed against her tightly only making her need worse. Not to mention all the frequent bumps in the tracks making her bounce slightly. Every so often she would press her hands in between her legs when she was sure no one was looking in her direction. She thought it was unladylike of her, but what else could she do? Her spirit dropped even further when she realized only five minutes had passed and they only progressed downwards one floor. This was agony at this point. It still wasn't as bad as the night of her father's party, but it was certainly getting there quickly.

She began tapping her foot on the floor of the bus out of desperation. She couldn't help herself at this point. No one seemed to take notice or mind though, so she kept going. That is until Morgana's voice rang out, breaking the silence and startling them all. "Whoever's tapping their foot on the floor aggressively, please stop. That kinda hurts." He said in a strained voice. Haru immediately stopped her tapping, embarrassed and sorry she was hurting the poor monster cat. "My apologies, Mona-chan. That was me," she said meekly. She sometimes forgot he was literally the bus they were all driving in. A thought crossed her mind. Since they were all technically inside Morgana right now, and if she couldn't hold it any longer and were to have an accident, then…

She immediately ceased that train of thought. She had to hold it, no matter what. She shifted in her seat and crossed her legs tightly. She attempted to get her mind to focus on something else. She thought of what she and Ren could do the next time they hung out after school. She thought of how everything surrounding the Phantom Thieves in the real world was heating up. She thought of what Akechi might be doing now that he thinks the thieves are gone, even though it pained her to think of him. Every time she tried to take her mind off her bladder, the bumps on the track only made it more difficult to do so. Each bump was a constant reminder that she needed to pee like crazy and was only getting fuller by the minute. By now another five minutes had passed, and they only went down two floors. This was it. This was officially the worst she's ever had to go.

She wished so badly that she could take off her belt to relieve some of the pressure on her lower abdomen. She wished she could work up the courage to tell her friends that she needed a bathroom break, even if they were in Mementos. Even if she could be attacked by shadows, it didn't matter. She just wanted to relieve herself of the giant pool of urine in her bladder that was only getting worse. She squirmed in her seat crossing and uncrossing her legs, attempting to think dry thoughts, not that it helped very much. For some reason, she felt as if she was being watched and directed her attention to the young man sitting next to her. Ren was quite clearly staring at her odd movements, and she was embarrassed at having been caught in the act.

@@No one else on the bus seemed to have noticed what was going on, as they were all focused on other things. "What's wrong? Something bothering you?" he asked in a quiet voice so that no one else could hear. Haru was happy that he cared for her safety and well-being, but this was the one time she didn't want him to focus on her. She stopped all her movements and sat as stiffly as she could to control her awkward squirming and shifting and appear fine. She immediately regretted this decision when she felt another small loss of control in her bladder. Another few drops of warm urine had made an escape into her panties, bringing an uncomfortable wetness down below. Her face appeared startled, and she tried to answer his question like she was okay. "I-I'm fine. Just getting a l-little impatient with Takaya's shadow is all," she said forcing a smile. She knew right away he didn't buy it. She knew he was perceptive, that's why he's the leader after all. "Haru, it's okay," he said gently, "you can tell me anything."

She so badly wanted to tell him. She knew he'd be understanding of her situation so why couldn't she bring herself to tell him? She just needed to pee. Everyone does it, it's a natural bodily function. She felt foolish that she thought it was embarrassing of her. Suddenly, a harsh bump appeared in the tracks shaking the bus intensely and bouncing everyone inside slightly. Haru made a quiet squeak, as she felt yet another slight loss of control in her bladder. This time, a small spurt rather than a few drops. She instinctively shoved both hands downward. She hated the uncomfortable feeling of how wet her panties were getting.

"Sorry about that," Makoto said, "it seems the deeper we go the more dilapidated the tracks become. Is everyone all right back there?" Everyone confirmed they were good, while Haru let out a rather quiet, "Mhm." She placed her hands to the side and gripped the seat tightly. She noted that they had only descended one more floor. She looked over at Ren who had concern all over his face. This couldn't go on any longer. There was no way she would get through the rest of the expedition at this rate. She hated it, but she absolutely needed to tell him. "Come closer…" she asked of him quietly. He did as she asked, and she prepared herself for her embarrassing admission. She took a deep, quiet breath and whispered into his ear, "I-I…need to...use the b-ba-"

"This reading I'm getting, it's Takaya!" Futaba shouted suddenly. It all happened so quickly. The bus came to a screeching halt. The sound of shadows swarming to their location filled the halls of Mementos. Everyone on the bus had been caught off guard, and Haru didn't get to finish what she was saying. Without warning, Morgana forcefully ejected the thieves from the bus to prepare for a showdown. They had been ambushed and were surrounded by shadow Takaya as well as a group of strong-looking shadows he brought with him. It seems he wasn't honest about having them chase him down fully and intended to surprise them.

Haru wasn't ready for the rough ejection from the bus and landed shakily on her feet. She felt a spasm in her bladder, and another strong spurt of urine shot out into her underwear. By now they were completely saturated with urine, and any more leaks would be disastrous. She took a moment to steady herself and regain her balance. This fight wasn't going to be easy, especially with a full bladder that was only getting worse to maintain. "I'll back you up with everything I have and try to analyze them all. Be careful," Futaba warned. While everyone's energy was still low from the last encounter, they were ready to finish this. "Let's go, Phantom Thieves! We're changing your heart, Takaya!" Morgana shouted.

It didn't take long for things to get hectic. With so many shadows and thieves running around trading blows, it was hard to keep track of everyone. Haru did her best to focus on the battle raging on, despite her own personal issues she was facing. She felt the presence of an enemy shadow approaching from behind and hastily dodged out of the way. She quickly summoned her persona and prepared to use a psiodyne attack on the foe. Luck was on her side, as when the attack made contact with the shadow it fell to its knees and revealed itself to be weak to psychic attacks. She launched yet another psiodyne attack at the shadow, and it swiftly crumbled into nothingness. That was one shadow down, and Haru was proud of herself for having struck down an opponent in the desperate state she was in. She took another moment to focus on her bladder and assess how the others were doing.

A quick scan of the battlefield revealed that many shadows still remained, with all the thieves dishing out powerful attacks from their personas. It would take some time before the number of shadows thinned. Haru noticed Shadow Takaya watching everything unfold off to the side, as the other shadows were doing all the fighting for him. His twisted smile made Haru feel sick to her stomach. She wanted so desperately to finish this and get some much-needed relief, but her hope was starting to dwindle. The moment she took a step further, another bladder spasm caused Haru to stop in her tracks. She crossed her legs and could no longer force herself to move. She was at the end of her rope.

"I-I can't…"

"Noir, look out!" Futaba shouted. There was nothing Haru could do anymore. Whatever shadow was approaching her, she couldn't fight back against it in the state she was in. She awaited the shadows' attack and could only hope to apologize later to the others. She hoped they wouldn't judge her for the loss of control over her bladder. She closed her eyes and waited for it all to be over with.

…

But it never came. She instead heard the shadow fall and scream in agony. A second later, she felt someone tightly grip her hand. She opened her eyes to see Ren. Before she could even question what he was doing, he began leading her away from the battlefield. "W-what are you-" She started to question, but he began explaining himself. "I'm getting you somewhere safe and private. You need the bathroom, right?" Haru almost couldn't believe it. He actually knew what she was about to say before the ambush occurred. Though a worried thought crossed her mind. "What about the others? They might need your help with Takaya and…" she felt horrible for all of this. Ren looked back and gave her a comforting smile, "Don't worry, they'll be okay without us for a couple minutes." Haru was going to debate him further but changed her mind when she felt another wave of pressure coming in.

"L-let's hurry!"

Ren had led her all the way back toward the entrance of the floor they were on. It wasn't too far from where the others were. "Take your time. I'll keep watch for any shadows," he said as calm as ever. Haru had no idea how he was keeping his cool through all this. It was just another trait of his she admired so dearly. "T-thank you, Ren-kun! I won't forget this," she said with a heartful smile, her voice filled with gratitude for the young man. Haru hobbled off just far enough so that she could get some privacy and jumped to the subway platform. The fact that she would get some much-needed relief in just a few mere moments made her bladder impatient. Just as she was out of sight, all pretenses of remaining dignified shattered.

Haru immediately went into panic mode and attempted to undo her holster belt whilst squirming on the spot. Her shaky hands had trouble getting a good grasp on the buckle, and she got more frustrated as the seconds passed. "P-please, just come off! I need to-" she pleaded but was interrupted by her own bladder. Another stream of warm urine jetted out for a couple of seconds. By now, her underwear was completely soaked through and with nowhere else to go, the contents of her bladder dripped out into her black pantyhose and bloomers She immediately ceased undoing her belt and clamped both her hands down into her crotch. She took a moment to try and control herself, but her bladder had other plans. While not a solid stream, the pee slowly spilled out, drop by drop. She was no longer in full control.

Haru had no other choice. If she kept holding like this, she'd only continue to slowly pee herself. She took a deep breath, quickly removed her hands from between her legs, and tried once again to remove her belt. The moment she pulled her hands away, the drops soon turned into a steady stream once again. With all her strength, Haru attempted to unfasten the belt. The gloves that appeared on her hands whenever switching into her Phantom Thief attire only made the task more difficult. Finally, with one last tug, she managed to release the belt from its clasp. Not wasting a second, she tore her belt off and tossed it aside. With the hard part now over, the only clothing items left keeping her from complete relief…

"Must s-stop peeing! I need to hold it. Just another few seconds. Just h-have to…"

Without a struggle, Haru pulled her bloomers down to her lower thighs, followed by her pantyhose, and then finally her panties. This was the moment Haru had been desperately seeking for the past couple of hours, and now there was nothing in the way of stopping her. Her body took this as a sign to let loose, and the floodgates swiftly blew open before she could even begin squatting down. The contents of her bladder began cascading wildly into her clothes below. The stream redirected itself onto the floor of Mementos as soon as she squatted down.

Two noises began filling the halls of Mementos. The first noise was the waterfall-like stream of piss crashing into the metal flooring. What followed only a second after that, was a loud moan of relief emanating from Haru. She could hardly believe that she could make such a noise, but she no longer cared.

PSSSHSSSS…

"Haaaahh…ahh~!"

Haru hung her head low and closed her eyes, basking in the almost orgasmic relief. This felt even more amazing than the relief she felt at her father's party a year ago. When she opened her eyes a few seconds later, she only just now noticed that her bladder had slightly bulged outwards. "Oh my, w-was I really holding in that much?" she asked herself, concerned for her own bladder.

"I should really be more-ooohhhh~"

SSSSSHHH…

"Careful…mmmm~"

Thirty seconds passed and Haru still felt nowhere near done. By now the puddle that was forming on the floor quickly began spreading in all directions and even touched her Mary Jane shoes. Haru gazed downwards at the powerful stream exiting her privates, almost impressed by its intensity. The power of it had practically made some of the pee spray onto her legs, making her wince in disgust a bit. While Mementos was dark, Haru could see that the stream and the growing puddle had a yellowish tint. The somewhat harsh winds in the tunnel had made the air cool, which sent a shiver up Haru's body. Or perhaps it was the relief that made her do that. She could no longer tell. The cold air even caused her stream and puddle to steam a bit.

A minute had gone by, and Haru still wasn't finished. Her legs had begun to get a bit wobbly from squatting for so long, but her work and time as a Phantom Thief gave her the lower body strength she needed to stay balanced. She started to get worried about taking so long. Her stream had slowed somewhat, but she still somehow felt full. The longer she and Ren were away, the more their friends were in danger. She attempted to expedite the process and forced the pee out a bit.

"Hng…mmmm~"

@@ssssSSSHHH…

The stream of piss splattered across the floor harshly. Once again, Haru sprayed herself on the legs from the sheer force of the stream she was pushing out and some had even managed to splash onto her butt. She was beginning to get grossed out by the mess she was creating. She then had a worried realization. She had nothing around her to wipe with. The idea of calling for Ren to ask If he had anything crossed her mind, but that would be far too embarrassing for the Beauty Thief. She needed something to wipe with considering how wet she had gotten, but what was there to use? She then looked at her gloves which gave her so much trouble unbuckling her holster belt. She shuddered at the thought, but there was nothing else she could do.

Finally, after another twenty seconds, Haru felt as if her bladder were almost drained. The feeling of finally having that pressure relieved in her lower abdomen was euphoric. She couldn't believe just how much she was holding in. She reminded herself not to drink so much coffee before a trip to the metaverse next time. She knew it was a natural diuretic, but she never believed it to be so effective before now. She gazed downwards once more to see that the puddle had spread so far that it reached the edge of the subway platform and began spilling over onto the tracks. She soon heard her pee raining down and hitting the floor below. She only hoped Ren didn't see that, otherwise, she'd die of shame. With one last push, Haru forced out the rest of her bladder's contents along with a blissful moan.

"Haaah…ahhh~"

SSSSssss…

"Whew…"

The steady stream finally tapered off into a few sputters, then into drops, and then finally into nothing. As much as Haru wished she could just take a minute to enjoy the feeling of being empty, she still had a fight to get back to. She hurriedly took off her left glove and gently began to wipe herself. She underestimated just how soaked she had gotten. Her private parts took a bit to clean, and she had to make sure she got all the stray drops off her legs and ass. With no place to store her used glove for the time being, she tossed it over to where she left her belt.

Now it was time to assess the damage her clothes sustained. One look at her panties revealed that it wasn't pretty. What was once a cute and simple white design with little flowers, was now almost completely darkened yellow. Haru knew she didn't quite make it, but she was surprised at how bad it was. "I can't believe I peed myself…" The reality of what had happened was finally settling in for the poor girl. Her bloomers and pantyhose would have been better off if her bladder hadn't erupted before she could fully squat down. Her pretty pink bloomers now had a large wet patch right on the front, which was impossible to miss. With no way to dry her clothes, Haru slowly pulled them back up. If these were any other pair of panties, she'd have discarded them, but these were her favorite. The feeling of her cold and soggy undergarments rubbing against her made her shudder. She then pulled her pantyhose back up, followed by her bloomers, and stood up straight.

Haru stepped away from the massive puddle of piss she had created, still spreading slowly and raining off the side of the platform and retrieved her belt and glove. She reapplied her belt as she hopped off the platform and onto the tracks below. She was the same old Beauty Thief and Noir, but now she was noticeably…wet. This was only confirmed further by the look Ren instinctively made when he turned around and saw her walking back. He could get a clear view of the pee dripping over the edge of the platform at this point. There was no doubt he probably heard everything as well. Already, she felt the tears beginning to well up in her eyes. She knew now wasn't the time, but she couldn't help it. "Hey. Feeling better?" he asked concerned. "Y-yes, much better. Thank you for your help, Ren-kun," she replied genuinely grateful but defeated.

"It's okay, it's really not that bad. It'll dry out soon," he said, trying to find the words to comfort her. But how could you possibly even begin to comfort somebody who had just peed all over their clothes? Sure, Ren had experience in giving advice and helping others in their time of need, but he felt truly out of his depth here for once. "I know…I just," By now the tears were slowly dripping down her cheeks. "I can't believe I did…this," she said, gesturing to her wet bloomers. Ren felt horrible for her and felt even worse that he appeared shocked when she approached him. "I'm sorry, I should've noticed and intervened much quicker. This is my fault, Noir," he apologized. "N-no, don't blame yourself! I was being irrational and should have just…"

Haru was struggling to find her words. There was an awkward silence between the two thieves. Her self-esteem had taken a huge hit, and horrible thoughts began to plague Haru's mind. "Now that he's seen me like this, can he ever see me as anything other than the girl who peed on herself? The girl who had to be dragged away from the battlefield because she needed to relieve herself. Will he ever bother hanging out with me again? He must find me so repulsive. I should've-"

Haru's thoughts were interrupted by the sound of Ren's footsteps as he approached her. She felt a blush creep into her cheeks. Why must she get so nervous around him, especially now of all times? "Haru…listen to me," he said gently. It stunned her to hear him use her real name in the Metaverse. She met his eyes and found no judgment or disgust behind them. They were gentle. She was all ears for whatever he had to say. "None of this is your fault," his voice was firm, "We all have moments like these, and it's nothing to be ashamed of." Haru felt a sliver of hope inside her. She was grateful he was so understanding of the situation. "You're still the same strong and reliable person we all know. This one isolated incident doesn't change a thing," he said softly. Haru felt herself smiling at his words. She wiped her tears away, but they were still flowing, albeit for a different reason now. "Thank you, Ren-kun."

There was a lot she wanted to say, but they still had a job to do. "Need me to hold onto your glove? We can come up with an excuse to make when we get back," he said empathetically. "I'd appreciate that, though it's a bit damp. My apologies…" she replied, feeling the shame creep back in. "No worries. It’s not a problem," he smirked. To him, it seemed like it was no big deal.

Haru began to smile again. "Shall we get back to the others? We still need to change Takaya's heart. There's a lot I want to say to him," she said with a look of determination on her face. Ren knew how much this mission meant to Haru, especially in relation to her father. He nodded, and they both gripped their weapons tightly.

"Ready, Beauty Thief?"

"Always, Joker!"

