Convenience story robbery

Author: yexokid

*000*2023-06-27 09:31

"Nd2wee '' suddenly entered the notepad on my screen. No one knew why our point-of-sale (or pierce of shit as we employees called it) system had a notepad shared between both of the terminals in the store. At least none of the few colleagues, whom I'd shared the discovery of the function with, did. But it had quickly become a way for us to moan about customers, bosses or all the other small frustrations that build up working in the service industry's hell on earth that is a convenience store by a train station.

I looked over at Freya, our newest hire, standing crossed legged at the other register waiting for the elderly man to finish counting his change so she could checkout the next person in the endless line that had been the focal point of our shift so far.

"Me2" I typed back between scanning overpriced candy bars.

###

Normally weekend shifts were quiet enough for only 2 people to be on shifts. Normally we'd only be this busy on weekdays - and then only if the train schedule messed up. But not today, today we'd almost only been working the registers.

I had a pretty slow hour alone before Freya's shift started but she hadn't been here for more than 15-20 minutes before the line formed, and we were still trying to get through it 5 hours later. My bladder was definitely starting to feel it. I glanced over at Freya again. She was finally able to move on to the next customer, but she was still standing with crossed legs.

When in Rome I thought and crossed my legs as well easing a bit of the pressure on my bladder. Could I have waited? Sure. Was it nice to relieve a bit of pressure? Absolutely. Was it mostly so Freya wouldn't be embarrassed if she noticed I was standing normally? Yes.

The menial task of checking people out quickly becomes mind numbing so the updates from Freya was a pleasant change of pace. Even if I felt more and more sorry for her with every "Hurry!" "Come on" and "Desp!" showing up in the notepad.

Poor girl I thought. But I was starting to reach the same point. My bladder was nearing critical limits and I was really glad to already be crossing my legs. Waiting for the lady that had just paid to gather her thing I glanced over to Freya, and could see how restless her legs were. She was standing on one leg with the other wrapped around it, the foot shaking like a chihuahua.

I was thanking my lucky stars that I had been working here long enough that my bladder was used to holding for a fairly long time, as our breaks relied on luls in the flow of customers and rarely came when they were scheduled. I couldn't help but think back to when I first started and came too close to accidents way too often.

###

After far far too long I could see the end of the line. "Thank God" I thought as the last guy stepped up to Freya's counter. I quickly turned around and undid my belt, as I had decided to let Freya go to the bathroom first. She was obviously more desperate than me and my apron would hide my undone belt. Luckily this lowered the pressure on my bladder a lot.

"All the money in the register! Now!"

I spun around and saw that the last customer had pulled out a gun and was aiming at Freya and then at me.

"Yours as well!"

Of fucking course. Of all days, it had to be today. It had to be one of those days.

I quickly opened my till and started shoving notes and coins into a bag. Then a sort of tapping sound.

"What's that noise!? The alarm?"

Then Freya sheepishly spoke up.

"I'm - peeing".

I probably looked as surprised as the robber, and couldn't help myself from looking over at my poor colleague.

She was. Her jeans were already mostly drenched, the tapping sound originating from the drops forming at her crotch and then hitting the linoleum floor. I was a bit taken aback by the size of the puddle forming underneath her, it looked like someone had knocked over a full mop bucket.

"Eh okay then" the robber stammered. He obviously didn't believe her at first but after he glanced over the counter he was satisfied that she was truthful.

I gently pushed Freya aside and emptied her till into my bag. She had been standing frozen in place the entire time even as pee had turned her jeans from light to dark blue behind her apron. Poor thing.

I handed him the bag and turned to Freya. As automatic doors let the robber out, I guided Freya over to the kickstol and sat her down. Despite my bladders firm protest I knelt down to look her in the eyes.

"You okay?"

She nodded slightly even as tears started running down her cheeks.

"I'll just close the store I'll be right back." I assured her and stood up. Perhaps a bit too quickly as a couple drops escaped into my panties.

I grabbed the "closed because of robbery" signs from under the counter and pressed the silent alarm button on my way to the door. I entered my code into the keypad and turned the dial to close before sticking the sign on the large glass panel of the sliding door.

Luckily the parking lot seemed pretty empty so maybe we wouldn't have to deal with illiterate customers knocking on the door despite the sign - again.

I hadn't even made it back to the counter before Josh's number appeared on my phone.

"Did you press the silent alarm?"

"I did."

"Why?"

"Cause we got robbed." My delivery was completely deadpan. I know he had to double check but he sounded goddamn stupid from where we were standing.

"I'll be right there."

I knelt down by Freya again, her silent tears were still running down her cheeks every now and then.

"Hey, we're both okay" I placed a hand on her shoulder.

She nodded.

I handed her some of the cheap thin napkins available from the counter. She dried her face, smudging her mascara even more, and I threw a bunch on the floor hoping it would soak up most of the puddle before anyone came.

"We just have to wait for Josh and the cops to get here, then we can go home" I said partly to her to try to comfort her and partly to my bladder hoping to convince it to hold on for so long, even if I knew it was unlikely.

"Listen, I really need to pee - can I leave you alone for a moment"

She looked at me for a moment before shaking her head as tears started flowing again.

"Alright I won't leave you alone" I tried to comfort her again while my bladder screamed at me. Even with my belt undone my jeans were squeezing it, and I had to open my jeans completely to give it a bit more space. It felt rock hard and I'm pretty sure I looked slightly pregnant with a bump like that.

A knock on the glass door interrupted us. A couple of cops waved from the other side.

They got here quickly, I thought, unsure what to make of it. The quicker all this was done the quicker we could leave, but without Josh here it fell on me to deal with them.

I squeezed Freya's shoulder and walked over to the door, trying my best not to let my desperation show.

I entered my code and unlocked the door.

"You guys got robbed?"

"Yeah that's us, cctv is in the office behind that door" I said pointing to the backroom, where the employee bathroom also connected to. So using that while the cops was here was out of the question. You can hear everything that happens in that bathroom when you're sitting in the backroom.

One of the cops walked to the back and the other got out a notebook.

"So what happened?"

I hurried through explaining the robbery while trying to conceal how full my bladder was. It was probably a bit rambling due to how little of my focus was on his questions and how much was on the ocean in my bladder.

How I wished I'd been behind the counter so I could cross my legs behind cover but in the end I had to do it infront of the cop. I tried to do it inconspicuously but I'm pretty sure he noticed.

"She got anything to add?" He asked and pointed his pen at Freya

"Doubt it, she's still pretty shaken up"

Luckily Freya's position on the kickstol behind the counter and her apron hid all signs of her accident. He nodded and our attention was turned to the doors as Josh arrived.

"You the boss?" the cop asked and Josh nodded. I took my change to retreat back behind the counter to support Freya and my aching bladder. It really helped that I could stand with crossed legs, potty dancing on the spot while Josh and the cop talked. Freya poked my leg and gestured for me to lean in closer to her.

"Go Pee! I'll be fine!" she whispered,having apparently regained some composure.

"I gotta piss like a racehorse! They'll all hear!" I whispered back as Josh and the cop join his colleague in the backroom.

Luckily the CCTV system could only be in either playback or live mode so, figuring they were looking at the playback of the robbery, I could probably jam my hand into my crotch to help dam the flood.

Now it was Freya's turn to be concerned for me as my potty dance continued in full force. Crossed legs, check, hand jammed between legs, check, bobbing up and down, check, the feeling that at any minute I'd spring a leak, possibly through my eyes; double check with chips on the side.

"Can you hold it?"

"Yeah I'm sure they're done in a second."

My voice betrayed how uncertain I was about that statement, all I could do was hope and keep holding. And I was quickly running out of ways to keep back the flood. An involuntary noise alerted Freya when a couple drops escaped into my panties.

Though I'm sure she'd figured it out when I dropped to my knees a second later, burying both hands between my thighs.

Freya placed a hand on my shoulder, and whispered as low as possible.

"It's not that bad"

I looked at her puzzled. Was she implying what I thought she was?

"You know, peeing" she continued forcing the words as tears gathered in her eyes.

I didn't even have time to process her words before the door to the backroom opened up and the cops stepped out followed by Josh. I quickly got to my feet and started walking towards the backroom with Freya in hand. I noticed one of the cops whisper something to his colleague as he tried to point discreetly at Freya. He'd probably seen her accident on the playback. I wanted to go give him an earful and tell him off, but doing so would only mean I'd also pee myself - in front of everyone - so I gritted my teeth and hoped Freya at least hadn't noticed.

"Alright girls I was thinking..." Josh turned to us before I cut him off.

"No Josh. Stop. We're peeing and then we're going home!" I said and walked into the backroom. Josh could probably tell I was in no mood for any shenanigans as he didn't raise his normal fuss when I told him off.

"Grab my bag" It probably ended up being more a command than a request but I had to hurry as my leaks were quickly going from drops to constant.

Luckily with my pants already undone I could quickly pull them down along with my way-to-wet-for-comfort panties. I was peeing even before my butt hit the cold porcelain but I really didn't care. It felt too good to finally release the pressure that had built in my bladder. I didn't even care that Freya was standing less than two feet away looking rather awkward, at least not at first. But the loud hissing from my stream was definitely making this incredibly awkward for both of us.

"I'm sorry it's not like I wanted to force you to witness this - I just- well - I was planning to go to the gym after our shift so I've packed some extra leggings and underwear - and "

Still peeing and not really being able to find the words the embarrassment became very clear as I could feel my face getting red.

Freya looked at me for a moment before starting to giggle.

"I'd love to borrow them" she nodded, luckily understanding what I had been trying to get at.

"But that still doesn't explain why I had to join you out here" Freya noted when she opened my bag.

"Well - I - I REALLY didn't want to waste time having to close and lock the door." I admitted.

"Understandable, you mind if I get changed, wet jeans aren't really comfortable?"

"You're the one getting naked" I joked as my bladder finally reached empty and I could begin drying myself off.

I couldn't help but to look over as Freya started undressing. As she kicked off her shoes I noticed that her socks were also wet and a bit of pee trickled out of her right shoe as it landed on its side.

Her pants were still drenched so they clung to her legs and she really had to work to get them off.

Wanting to give her some privacy I pulled up my panties, getting a real feel for how much I'd leaked, and pants.

"I'll give you so privacy and wait outside" I said

"Thanks" She nodded and hesitated to remove her underwear.

"And thank you for everything today - you really helped."

"Of course" I smiled back and flushed before walking back out to the backroom.

In the end Josh gave us a couple of days off, the number for a crisis psychologist and swore to the both of us that none of our colleagues would know about Freya's accident, and before long we were heading out of the door, gave each other a hug and went home, finally done with the worst shift I've ever had working a service job.

*002*2023-08-31 09:27

My phone buzzed on the table beside my bed. Freya had texted.

"Hey - thank you for everything the other day ❤️ I've got your stuff (It's been washed (Seperatly haha)). Should I come over with it?"

"Of course, it's what everyone would have done ❤️ and yeah sure" I wrote back and double texted my adress.

After 30 minutes of speed cleaning of my apartment the doorbell rang. A quick glance at the screen in the door phone confirmed it was Freya with a plastic bag and a bottle of wine.

"Hello, welcome - don't mind any mess I wasn't expecting any company" I greeted her when she reached the apartment door.

"Oh no worries! I'm sure it's cleaner than my place! Here you go" She smiled and handed me the wine.

"Thank you but you really didn't have to!" I said and closed the door behind her.

"I know - but you didn't have to stay by my side instead of going to the bathroom or lend me your clothes so" she said as put the bag on my table.

"Just don't make a habit of it" I joked and walked over to the kitchen to store the wine in my fridge.

"I have every intention of never repeating that!" Freya said as she motioned to my couch.

I nodded and grabbed two cans of soda from the fridge.

"Soda?"

"Yes please!"

I walked over and sat down beside my blond colleague, handing her one of the sodas.

"I'm really sorry it happened to you."

"Oh, don't be - I'm just a bit annoyed I got so scared."

"Well, that's completely understandable! He had a gun in your face."

"Yeah - but you didn't freeze up and pee yourself."

"It wasn’t my first time"

"Being robbed?"

"Or almost peeing myself at work"

"There's a difference between almost peeing and peeing yourself" She sighed.

"I'm just saying that your bladder is going to get used to having to hold a lot" I giggled.

She giggled a bit as well.

"So, is that the most your bladder has had to hold?" She leant back and looked over at me.

"Successfully? Yeah" I nodded.

"And unsuccessfully?"

"Well does it really count when it involved alcohol?"

"It does" Freya nodded with a sly smile.

"Okay okay" I said and repositioned myself on the couch to get comfortable to tell the story.

"It was last New Year’s Eve, and I was partying with a group of friends. And we'd all been drinking and having fun and as the clock got nearer to midnight I started to have to pee - a lot."

Freya nodded urging me to continue.

"But you don't want to miss the ball drop you know."

"Natually"

"So I waited and we counted down and cheered and I kissed one of my girl friends, Mia - and then quickly turned and walked to the bathroom. And I like really really had to pee. But someone had beaten me there. So, I stood and waited - or like walked around fidgeting more than stood."

"Sounds bad" Freya laughed.

"Desperate! And then I noticed that this guy who I was sure had a crush on me was slowly coming my way trying to look like it wasn't intentional - and I really couldn't deal with that cause I was pretty sure he was going to confess his feelings and all - which cute - but a) I didn't feel the same and b) I had to GO"

"Boys just have the best timing don't they."

"Tell me about it - so my drunk mind was like no worries there's a fucking garden - go squat girl. So I made my way to the garden trying really hard not to show I was about to pee myself. And when I finally found a semiprivate spot in the garden and was about to pull my pants down this guy Marcus - who I kinda had a crush on - calls my name and comes over and I'm like I can't just pee in front of him so I stand there trying to have a normal conversation and suddenly I just can't wait anymore."

"So?? Right in front of him?" Freya covered her mouth either feigning outrage or trying to hide her massive grin.

I nodded and to a big swig of my soda.

"What did he say?"

"Nothing. Honestly don't think he noticed. It was quite dark, and I was wearing black pants - and we were both pretty drunk."

We both laughed for a moment about our misfortunes before continuing to small talk about work and colleagues and bitch about Josh's leadership.

After about an hour or so of talking, and opening the wine she had brought, Freya sat up and looked at me with a serious expression.

"So, I actually wanted to ask you something."

"Shoot" I said and emptied my glass of wine.

"I still don't really know a lot of people in town - and I really want to go out clubbing tonight. Any chance you'd be down?"

I thought about it for a moment. Clubs aren't really my scene, and I only knew of one in town, but Freya had been great company so far and it had been a while since I'd been out on a Friday night.

"Sure. But we should probably change then" I looked down at my sweatpants and t-shirt.

"I kinda did bring something for myself along with your stuff" Freya walked over to the bag on the table and pulled a black dress that seemed way too small for the girl in front of me. She proudly showed it off.

“Let me go find something in my closet then.”

Freya made a little yay noise and started undressing her top. I was about to point her towards the bathroom, but I figured she wasn’t about to show off anything I hadn’t seen before. She only stripped down to her underwear, a black bra and a blue pair of panties, before putting on some black bike shorts and pulling the dress over her head.

I stripped of my comfy clothes and threw them on my bed. My only real club appropriate outfit was a stripped crop-top paired with either the black pants I’d worn on New Years, or a skirt. I pulled the crop top over my head and checked if my lack of bra was noticeable. No way I was going to both suffer clubbing and bras at the same time.

I turned to Freya, who had gotten completely dressed – the dress was a bit longer than I’d expected but still way too short for my liking, ending about halfway down her thigh – and held up the skirt and the pants.

“Which is better?”

Freya though for a second before pointing to the skirt.

I threw the pants back into my closet and put the skirt on before applying a bit of make-up. Freya borrowed a bit of lipstick and eyeliner and before long we were ready to head out.

“You mind if I leave my stuff here? I don’t really want to bring it with me?” Freya asked.

“No that’s fine, you can just follow me back here afterwards to grab it – I’d say you could sleep over, but it’d have to be on the couch” I said as I locked the door behind me.

“Eh I’ve slept on worse” Freya said as we made our way down to the bus stop nearest my place.

We chatted a bit about this and that. I explained where the club I knew of was located. It wasn’t far maybe 30–45-minute walk but the bus cut it down to only 10, and since its last route was pretty early, I’d rather get a ride to the club since I was pretty sure we’d have to walk home.

Before long the bus came into view and stopped in front of us. When we sat down on a couple of bus seats Freya leant over to me.

“I should probably have peed before we left.”

I was also starting to feel my bladder react to the soda and wine we’d shared at my place.

“Me to – but it’s not far” I assured her.

