Life

Author: yeshhh

*000*2016-11-05 12:31

I awaken feeling the normaI warmth and wetness around my crotch and butt.

I think to my self "God I should really stalk up on pullups". I get up and pick up my blanket and sheets and throw them in the washer. I start taking off my clothes to throw in the washer along with my blanket and sheet.

I walk over to the shower and hop in, I start washing my legs and body, looking at my breasts, i think personally i have small boobs, but usually my old friends think differently, Like I'm 5'3 and they say that's an adorable size but I purely HATE being small!

Everybody see is Like a giant compared to me. I rinse off my body and start to wash my red and blonde hair, which is kinda long. It goes past my shoulders.

I get out of the shower and dry of and walk to my room. I get out a pair of panties, skinny jeans, a white bra, and a white my chemical romance shirt.

I start putting on my six band bracelets and my watch, all on my left arm. I then grab my cancer necklace and put it on.

I then grab a pair of docks one with a kawaii anime girl, and the other just a regular blue and white striped sock.

I get up and put on my black and white converses, I walk over to my kitchen and make myself breakfast, with it being Saturday, I can to to the mail today and shop I say to myself

After I eat breakfast i go out side and take a walk. Like I usually do in an attempt to stay fit, after a mile I start to head back, I decide to jog cause why not. It went well for a bit untill I started to uncontrollably start peeing. I instantly stop jogging and shove my hands between my crotch in an attempt to save my jeans and socks. Lukily it did and only just soaked my panties. The walk back was horrible feeling the warmth leave my panties and it just turns cold and uncomfortable.

As soon as I get home I change my panties and clean myself myself I also try to pee to empty my bladder, wow eighteen and still has accidents. I notice it's already two, since I woke up at twelve.

I decide to go to the mall, so I get in my car and head to the mall. As I get there I feel a light twinge in my bladder and bowels, but I shrug it off since I don't use public restrooms.

I enter the mall and get a bite to eat and a drink, I love the mall good I say to myself wishing I actually had some friends.

I start doing some actual shopping, after an hour my bladder and bowels are aching needing a release, so I start heading to my car speed walking, feeling as if I'm about to burst.

I get to the main entrance and I accidentally bump into someone not really looking, he turns around and I realise is jake from down the road, he started getting into a conversation with me, I felt as my bowels start emptying, i start freaking out as I feel a heavy load push itself into my panties, I hastly tell jake I need to go, and I took off for my car. Feeling my bowels completely emptying themself, my bladder decided to do the same. Feeling warmth speed across my crotch. I get to my car blushing rapidly as I completely mess and wet myself

A group of people pass by and instantly knew what I did and started laughing and giggling, completely humiliated I get in my car, putting the things in the passenger side. I sit down and feel my warm mess spred everywhere in my panties and pants, sending a chill up my spine.

I Go home and smirk feeling another wetness other than per, I feel arounsed extremely aroused, I take off my clothes and hold my extremely messed panties and I throw them out, no need of these.

I hope in the shower still aroused as I start rubbing my clit.

(Okay so yeah new story yay^^)

*002*2016-11-06 00:05

{{6 hours ago, abowtadaa said:

Real nice story :)

}}

Thanks^^

*004*2016-11-06 11:44

{{6 hours ago, AD51 said:

I think this might be your best story yet.

}}

Yeah I've been basically practicing.

I know there's ALOT of typos and issues, I got a new keyboard and it's just dreadful a couple of the keys don't work unless you press down REALLY hard.

*007*2016-11-07 22:13

God I'm sorry about the typos in this story...sometimes you gotta hate autocorrect

*010*2016-11-08 11:51

{{8 hours ago, guest said:

I feel like there could be better pacing in this. The description of getting dressed is a bit extensive, and the first wetting is very abrupt. (The wording could be altered a bit; it sounded like she totally soaked herself as opposed to just leaking. "I uncontrollably started peeing" sounds like a heavy stream, and it came out of nowhere.) There are also a lot of run-on sentences and cut-off paragraphs, as well as several punctuation errors. We also really don't get much detail on Jake, who appears to be an important person to the main character.

I'm sorry if I'm being harsh, I do like the story, I just think it can be improved.

}}

Yeah, I understand. I really didnt have much time to write this, my schedule has been really jacked up lately. I did this at like the worse time to top it off also lol. So I was in a hugeee rush writing this.

