Ema’s bladder technology Vol 1 - Mrs Jones Punishment

Author: YassmineK

*000*2023-08-09 14:43

This is a continuation of the prologue, called Yui and her magic bladder techniques. I didn’t really like the title and I got the name wrong. This will be episode 1 following the prologue, and Ema’s first week back at med school.

Previously, Ema had discovered a new technique which she hadn’t tried out yet called bladder split. (Bladder split - reduces the amount of pee in one’s bladder by half of what is inside but fills up another persons bladder with the amount reduced).

Episode 1 - Mrs Jones Punishment

Ema hadn’t been thinking about it too much in recent memory, she knew she had these powers, but didn’t know how to use them correctly. “Do I use them for good? Pleasure? Bad? Convenience? What are the morals of my decisions and how I use this technology I have been gifted with?” Were thoughts that had been filling her head since she discovered them.

Ema had woken up and did her morning routine, she used the toilet and headed straight for the gym, did a workout and headed back home to shower, brush teeth, and get some breakfast before her lessons started. She was enjoying breakfast with her sister, Chika, and they were having a nice conversation about what they were doing in education at that time, they had been back in education for 2 days and were talking about how things were, Chika was asking for help with algebra later that afternoon, to which Ema agreed. Her mother Aiko had come in to complain about very minimal mess that was on the kitchen counter, whilst she was having a go at Chika, Ema decided to try out bladder split on her mother Aiko.

She had her mothers crotch in her peripheral vision and was able to select the Bladder Split technique, she had 500ml/1100ml and Aiko had 700ml/1000ml. She selected bladder split and felt some relief as 250ml of pee had been teleported out of her, she looked at Aiko who felt her bladder fill up and become nearly full, she started to stutter her speech as she was desperate “you can’t leave the house in such a s-st-st ayyyt Chika” she moaned a little bit and crossed her legs hard to not leak in her skirt, “ok that’s all, just please be more careful next time and tidy up please” Aiko said before quickly waddling to the toilet to relieve herself, which probably saved Chika from another 5 minutes of being told off for no reason.

Ema and Chika left the house together to walk to their respective buildings, they talked briefly about a boy that Chika liked, they then parted ways as Chika went up to a different path.

Ema arrived at her lesson a couple minutes early and sat down. Her teacher for the day was Mrs Jones, a tall blonde British woman who had come over to wok and teach medicine, she was very strict and a bit of a cunt. She was wearing a very nice outfit consisting of red heels, white skinny jeans with a high rise waist, being held up by a black leather belt, and a black dress shirt with long sleeves that she had rolled up to be just below her elbows, and she had the bottom of the shirt tucked into her jeans. She had her makeup done and she had long and wavy blonde hair, her outfit complimented her in every way, especially her clothes suiting her tall and slim figure, even if you didn’t like her for her strictness, you couldn’t deny that she was an absolutely beautiful woman. She would’ve been late 20’s.

The lesson is underway and it’s about 30 minutes in when another girl in my year, Heidi, stood up and went to leave the room to use the bathroom.

“where do you think you’re going, Heidi?” Mrs Jones snapped.

“I’m going to the toilet” Heidi replied gingerly.

”nope, not in my lessons Heidi, you’re 20, you should be able to hold it or go before the lesson starts, go sit back down please” replied Mrs Jones.

Heidi looked shocked, she couldn’t believe a basic human need of hers was being violated so thoroughly, she went to sit back down to try and hold her pee until the end of the lesson, which was in about 2 hours.

About 30 minutes later, Ema looked over at Heidi and saw that her leg was bouncing and that she was trying hard not to wet her jeans, with one hand on her crotch and her legs welded shut. Ema realised something else “shit I need to piss too actually, but she’s not gonna let me go is she” she looked down at her bladder and the UI read 950ml/1100ml and 40 minutes, she wasn’t gonna last the whole lesson and was going to soak her grey leggings. She looked over to Heidi and it said 750ml/750ml, 9 minutes. Heidi didn’t have long, Ema realised she needed to use her technology to not only stop herself from wetting herself, but also Heidi.

Heidi wasn’t massively popular, no one disliked her and she was a very nice and sweet girl, just rather shy and quiet so she was only close with a small group of people, but she knew Heidi would probably break down if she couldn’t hold it. Ema looked around to see who would be a good candidate to accept both her and Heidi’s pee, no one really stuck out until she realised, Mrs Jones, not only would Ema find it super hot, since it was a beautiful woman pissing herself in such a scenario, but it would also teach her a lesson, she thought. She looked down at Mrs Jones, it said 100ml/550ml. “Perfect candidate, no way she could handle the piss of just Heidi, but also my bladder, together she will be soaked” she thought.

Ema realised there was a problem though, there was a cool-down for depositing pee into the same person, the cool-down was an hour, she had to make a sacrifice play which could go wrong. She had to withdraw all of Heidi’s piss first, and then deposit all 1700ml into Mrs Jones measly 550ml bladder, she’d piss herself 3 times over and then some. Ema had to time this perfectly, she could handle a small leak, but that’s it.

She looked over to Heidi and withdrew all of her piss, she had about 2 seconds before she started to piss, she quickly looked over to Mrs Jones and selected deposit, Ema started to have piss her grey leggings but it was only for a couple seconds before she was able to make the deposit into Mrs Jones. She quickly looked at Heidi, who felt a sudden and complete relief as she felt her jeans to see if she’d peed herself, but there was no wet patches for her, I looked back down at Mrs Jones who was writing something on the board, she was speaking about an illness called Pneumonia.

”To continue on the lungs, Pneumonia, an inflammation of the lungs caused by infection, typically treated with Antibiotics, symptoms include chest pain, coughing, a high temperat….” She crossed her legs hard and a hand dived down to her crotch “oh shit I have to piss so fucking bad” she muttered under her breath to herself “oh fuck I’m pissing myself…. Mmmh, ahhh” she moaned quietly as she began to piss her white jeans, a large stain started to spread quickly across her bum and down the back of her thighs, her piss was like a waterfall crashing down onto the floor and soaking her jeans, the puddle was forming quickly, she continued to do moan sexually and breath multiple sighs of relief.

“I was so desperate so suddenly, what was that?” Mrs Jones muttered. She was still pissing, her jeans were pretty much completely soaked apart from a couple dry patches on the outside of her thighs and above her crotch where her piss couldn’t reach. Her jeans couldn’t hold anymore and it was just coming straight out, a huge stream of steaming and hissing piss was hitting the floor, it sounded like a thunderstorm hitting a shed roof.

Her jeans started to turn transparent and her bright red underwear were very visible to see for everyone, I looked around and a couple of people were recording and some others were laughing, Heidi was loving every second “serves her right” I saw her say to her friend sitting next to her. Mrs Jones turned around and we could see the front which was also completely soaked, her thighs were glued together and her calves were separated, her two hands stuck in her crotch. She was still pissing for 5 straight minutes by this point, I had the UI up watching her piss herself, and she had just about emptied half of her bladder. The puddle was huge, it looked more like Loch Ness than a puddle at this point. Another 5 minutes of her moaning and giving sighs of relief, she managed to stop pissing “holy shit what the fuck was that”

“oh my god she had to piss so bad”

“how do you even have a bladder that big?”

“What did she drink?” Were all comments that Ema heard whispered from other students. Ema looked down to assess her own damage, there was a small- medium piss stain on the front of her leggings, but she was wearing a baggy t shirt to cover it up.

Mrs Jones walked over to her desk and grabbed some tissues and started to hopelessly dry her soaked jeans off, and then placed some others on the floor to soak up the puddle, but it was like expecting a single beach towel to soak up the Atlantic, the tissues just disintegrated when coming into contact with so much liquid.

What made Mrs Jones’ punishment even more severe, she had her own classroom with a unique feature. Her classroom only had two doors, an emergency exit and a normal entrance and exit to the classroom which most people used, the ordinary classroom entrance door had a unique lock on it, 3 minutes after a lesson had started, it would lock itself automatically and not unlock itself until the lesson ended, this was to stop latecomers coming in, and also to stop people leaving her lessons to use the toilet or to just do anything really, and the emergency exit would set off fire alarms, and had a payment penalty of ¥15,000 for misuse.

Meaning Mrs Jones had no choice but to continue the lesson in soaked white jeans and everyone could see her underwear as well, for the next 50 minutes, not even she was allowed out cause she couldn’t disable the lock from the inside, she tried to walk over to the door and open it, but it wouldn’t budge, she sighed in defeat and tried her best to continue the lesson.

She was clearly extremely embarrassed, she was stuttering and stammering, people were taking photos and videos, posting them online and laughing about it, Ema was staring at Mrs Jones and her piss soaked white jeans, her red underwear shining through like the sun shines through clouds, Ema was way too aroused to focus on her lessons, she took a couple photos and videos for her own personal use, but she was just staring at her legs, her bum and her crotch, she was entranced and couldn’t believe just how hot it was, the lights from the ceiling shining and reflecting on her wet jeans. Before Ema knew it, the lesson was over, the 50 minutes had felt like 30 seconds for Ema who was turned on to an ungodly degree by Mrs Jones pissing herself, probably felt like 30 years for Mrs Jones herself though. Ema packed her things away, her friend, Akari, was sat next to her.

“Akari? I think I peed a little, is the stain too bad?” Ema asked, she knew what the front looked like from the front, but assumed it was worse on the back.

“oh yeah you have quite a bit Ema, it’s covered your bum and a little bit of your upper thighs.” Akari replied

“shit, is it covered by this shirt I’m wearing?” Ema asked

“mostly, there’s still some stain which isn’t covered though” said Akari

“that’s fine, it’ll have to do” said Ema

”I’m going for food, you wanna come?” Akari asked Ema “sure”

About 10 minutes later they had sat down in a restaurant together in town and talked about the lesson that had unfolded.

They both returned to see Mrs Jones mopping up her piss puddle on the main teaching platform in her room, still wearing her soaked jeans. Her door was opened and the lock had been broken, looked as though someone had broken it by hitting it was a blunt object.

Later on, about 20 minutes later, Ema and Ikari walked passed Mrs Jones room again, she was teaching a lesson again and the door was open, her platform was dry, but her chair had two towels on it and underneath the chair was another towel on the floor. Mrs Jones hadn’t had the time to change, and so she was stuck in her pissed white jeans and red panties for another 3 hours until her lesson ended and she was finished for the day, additionally, she kept peeing herself when she needed it because there was no point in holding it, Ema and Akari both saw streams coming down her legs as she rewet her jeans.

“Oh damn she’s still wearing them” exclaimed Ema “serves her right for not letting us go though” replied Akari. Just then two students left Mrs Jones classroom, and they both realised that Mrs Jones had been so humiliated, that she changed the rules of her class and was much less strict and much more kind.

Ema waited in a section near the entrance of the med school with Akari, she was sat down, she saw Mrs Jones walk past and towards the entrance to leave, she was still wearing her pissed clothes. She returned a couple minutes later, still soaked in piss. When it was time, Ema left to go meet Chika at the high school to walk her home. Ema’s pee stain was still there and a little uncomfortable, but she felt it was better her than Heidi. As she was leaving, she saw Mrs Jones getting into her car, still wearing the soaked jeans and her underwear still visible, she was bent over putting a plastic bag over her car seat before sitting down and driving off quickly. Her and Akari walked down to the high school together, talking, mostly about Mrs Jones.

They arrived at the high school and picked up Chika, as well as Akari’s younger sister Hana. They both instantly interrogated me about my piss stain and I said that I laughed too hard and they began to make fun of me a bit. Ema and China are neighbours with Akari and Hana, so they both walked down to their houses together talking, mostly telling Hana and Chika what had happened to Mrs Jones, which they both found hysterical.

They said bye to each other and went inside their houses, Chika and Ema both said hi to their parents and Ema was interrogated by her mother about setting herself.

“We’re home” Chika and Ema said together

“Hi, good day?” Questioned Aiko

”yeah thanks, Ema peed herself though cause she laughed too hard” Chika said gleefully

“Ema come here please” Aiko shouted

Ema was already halfway up the stairs but had heard Chikas remark, she walked down the stairs and lifted up her baggy t shirt to show a decently sized piss stain on her crotch, and then turned around to show her the back to show a larger piss stain on her bum and thighs.

“yeah Akari told me a funny joke and a fair bit came out” said Ema tiredly

“Come on Ema really? That’s not very ladylike of you. A true lady should be able to have full control of your body functions” said Aiko

“you literally pissed yourself in my room last week I don’t think you can say much mom” Ema remarked

Aiko turned bright red and quietly let out a faint “fair enough” as Ema put her shirt back down and headed to her room.

She laid down on her bed and pulled down her leggings and panties and began to pleasure herself to the videos and photos taken of Mrs Jones, an absolutely gorgeous and elegant woman soaking her jeans, with such a huge amount of piss, a couple hours went by and Ema had a shower and changed into some new clothes before going for a piss, she looked down and her UI had 3 new options. Bladder control, ultimate withdraw and ultimate deposit. But now wasn’t the time to find out what these meant, so she pissed in the toilet before going downstairs to enjoy dinner with her family.

Hope you enjoyed reading this, I’m happy to keep writing if people enjoy this.

*002*2023-08-09 20:09

{{4 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

So she is basically a role-playing game character with pee-themed superpowers?

}}

I’d compare her more to the main character of an anime or TV show where they are fairly unremarkable, except for her pee themed powers yes.

