Véronique: Piss Abstinence

Author: yaku25

*000*2023-11-05 20:17

Hi guys

This time I tried a solo story within the Sisters in Piss-World where my other stories take place. This can be read completely independently from the rest. I hope you enjoy it!

If you want more:

$/65092-sisters-in-piss/?do=embed"

###

Véronique: Piss Abstinence

Finally she could go piss. She would enjoy the living hell out of this one. It would be glorious. Véronique had prepared herself the last 11ish hours for this moment.

Véronique loved to live in high spirits. Especially since she had arrived in the US, she had become more consumption orientated. Everyone here took everything for granted. Back in France, people enjoyed them selves in in very lavish ways, but much more selective. So, she set some ground consumption rules for herself. She called it fasting and would help her keep her French lifestyle. It was a very special fasting:

Food: Americans went way over board with it. So, she tried this one meal a day thing and it worked great for her. She was much more focused and with good hydration she felt cleansed and energetic.

Beverages: Americans were constantly drinking sodas, slushies, or some weird lattes. So unhealthy! The things Véronique liked about that, were the many possibilities to get refreshment as well as the big cups/containers. She loved being well hydrated, even slightly overhydrated. It gave her so much energy. Those 100 oz (almost 3l) bottles came in handy, as well as drinking fountains and water dispensers everywhere. So, she had decided to only drink water (lots of it) and black coffee for more focus. But no sugary or caloric drinks.

Shopping: There were so many stores with an abundance of cheap items. She made a promise herself to only buy very selectively and nice stuff. She was a sucker for lingerie as an example. Right now, she was waring one of her favorite balconette bras with her nipples just not peaking out, an open blazer over it and skintight high waist trousers and black glossy wedge loafers. All of it designer made.

Smoking: A bad habit she had picked up in France. But since she was fasting, she decided to drastically reduce cigarettes and link smoking only to special occasions.

Sex: Sure, she loved sex. She was French and had a reputation to maintain. But everything here was so sexualized. She tried to counter this meaningless teasing by carefully limiting her orgasms and only come at special occasions.

Another thing here in America were restrooms. All the shops and malls had toilets. In France toilets were so much rarer. Usually, only restaurants had lavatories. Or there were some public restrooms which were usually to gross to use anyways. So Véronique was amazed how often US girls went peeing. Yes, sure all those drinks were a factor, but she had heard some girls claiming to be bursting only to release a small tinkle. So Véronique fasted in peeing too. For her, the many possibilities to pee in America made people weak and dependent on restrooms. People here took them for granted. So, during fasting periods she should only pee before bed, in the morning before leaving her dorm and at most only once during the day. Another rule was, that toilets were strictly off limits (not even in emergencies). Finding placed to pee enhanced her creativity and gave it an additional challenge.

@@Finally she could go piss. She would enjoy the living hell out of this one. It would be glorious. Véronique had prepared herself the last 11ish hours for this moment. She had last peed this morning, now it was early evening. In the morning she had had been sitting in her window frame. For an observer she must have looked like a goddess: Her very dark brown, shoulder long lob haircut moved in the morning breeze. Véronique had piercing grey-blue eyes usually surrounded by a smokey eye make-up. She was medium height, had small but perfect boobs and an amazingly hearth-shaped ass. So, she sat there in the window, wearing nothing but a balconette bra which only halfway covered her nipples. She had been smoking a cigarette, holding a coffee cup, one leg dangling out of the window. Enjoying the nicotine, caffeine, the fullness of her bladder and the fresh air around her pussy. The cold had hardened her nipples. Then, when the moment had felt right, she had just non-chalantly let go. A whole night’s worth of piss had rained 3 floors down into the bushes. It had been glorious.

Also, since this morning she had not eaten, only drunk a considerable amount of fluids. Fasting on food and being slightly overhydrated made her feel so incredibly focused. It was addicting. Throughout the day had emptied the whole 3l water bottle and a total of 3 black coffees, including the one in the morning.

So, it was no surprise that she had to piss like crazy now, almost 11 hours later. Véronique had an amazing bladder. It could hold huge quantities and performed even under extreme circumstances. Like when having sex. Usually having sex with a full bladder could be considered uncomfortable or even painful. But Véronique loved that shit. Feeling a cock inside her, while bursting for a piss was amazing. And she could always count on her bladder.

But Véronique also knew its limits. Now she was dangerously close to it. She strode determined through the schools’ hallways. The high waistband of her skintight trousers pressed on her rock- hard bladder. It felt amazing being that full. She loved the feeling of needing to pee. It gave her power and confidence. But sadly, it was not sustainable. Eventually she had to empty it. She liked to edge herself to the limit but never above.

She looked around for a place to go. Since she had a date later, returning home served her nothing. It would not have helped her anyways, since toilet pees were a no-no during fasting. Searching for a place, she had to press her hand into her crotch. Véronique had to go bad. She looked forward to empty her bladder. As much as she loved holding, nothing could beat that orgasmic relief after releasing hours of pent-up piss. Suddenly she noticed a maintenance door. Her heart began to hammer, her throbbing bladder became restless: it was unlocked. To her surprise it led to an abandoned alleyway between the two school buildings. A perfect place for a long sneaky pee.

She carefully closed the door behind her and smiled. Finally, she could go piss. She would enjoy the living hell out of this one. It would be glorious. Véronique had prepared herself the last 11ish hours for this moment.

She stuck her hand into her blazers pocket, grabbed a cigarette and lit it in her mouth. She was careful not so pull on it. So that the nicotine and relief would hit at the exact same time. The first hit of nicotine always felt amazing, almost as amazing as the first release after being piss-deprived for a long time.

She opened her zipper of her trousers which was attached at the side of her waist. She lowered her pants and stuck her thumbs under the waist of her burgundy lace thong. With a careful motion she stripped it down. She felt her pussy lips tremble with anticipation. Her bladder rebelled and demanded immediate relief.

She squatted down and with one hand started to massage her nipple, pulling her breast out of the balconette bra in the process. The other hand stroked her clitoris. She felt her pee coursing and sloshing in her bladder. There was so much pressure. She tried to hold it back just a second longer. But she had waited to so long and could not keep it in any longer. She needed a smoke, she needed to come und most of all she needed to piss. To release all the fluids, she had consumed today out of her exhausted bladder.

@@She pulled on the cigarette. Relaxation and relief spread through her body. She shivered and her skin felt cool. The only place feeling hot was her peehole. With a body shaking sensation of arousal, she let go. Clear white burning hot piss, poured out of her. It felt amazing. She had to stop massaging her clitoris, her pussy was ablaze. The vibration of her peehole, caused by she sheer volume of piss rushing through it, stimulated her more than enough. She moaned as she pissed on and on. There was no stopping this flood. She had held it all day for this. Every drop was worth the pain and agony. It was sheer bliss. She felt still full and desperate to pee but also felt the relief and her bladder deflating. It went on and on. Soon the piss puddle had expanded around her shoes and far into the alleyway. She watched her jet of piss add more and more to it. After almost 70 seconds she stemmed her strong flow to a smaller, thin stream. She began stroking her pussy again. Sometimes feeling the heat of her urine with the tips of her fingers. It did not even take her 20 seconds to come. A heavy shiver rippled through her body as she felt her pussy contract and then release again. With loud gushes the rest of her bladder’s contents spilled out in waves, interrupted by the orgasm’s contractions. Eventually her bladder was empty.

She sat there, crouched down, her glistering pussy out, her hard nipples exposed. In the corner of her mouth the last seconds of her cigarette’s life glimmered. The floor was covered by a massive puddle of clear and slightly steaming piss.

“Well, I gotta say that was mighty hot.”, a female voice spoke out of the shadows of the alleyway.

A tall brunette stepped out between two dumpsters. She was strikingly beautiful.

“My name’s Bonnie and I have a proposition for you, which I am sure you won’t refuse. There is this group called Sisters- in-Piss…”

