Wanting to see if this has already been done

Author: YassmineK

*000*2023-08-08 20:11

Hi, I haven’t ever really done omorashi fiction before, but I started to brainstorm an idea that might work for a sort of short comic that I’d write new episodes or parts of when I wish. I wanted to ask if it had already been done before, so that I don’t copy someone else’s ideas, apologies in advance if this is not the correct place to ask as I’m not entirely confident if it is the correct place to ask.

Here’s the brief of it.

Maki is a 20 year old university student with a unique power, she has various powers to do with her bladder, and the bladders of other people around her. She starts off with a couple basic powers, but eventually as she uses her powers more, she is able to learn and use more advanced powers. She uses these powers for whatever she wants, pleasure, convenience, or to embarrass someone she dislikes. She has a couple basic skills to start off with, which are. Bladder Swap - allows her and one other person to swap the amounts of pee in their bladder with each other. Bladder deposit - allows her to empty her bladder or reduce the amount of pee inside by a specific amount by having it teleported into someone else’s bladder. Bladder withdrawal - allows her to fill up her bladder completely or to a certain amount by teleporting pee from another persons bladder and putting it into hers.

And finally, bladder control, which grants her full access to another nearby persons bladder. She learns more useful and advanced skills and powers to help her out later on. Additionally, sometimes the powers can go wrong and backfire on interesting ways, such as if she uses bladder control on someone, she controls the bladder as if it’s her own, but it doesn’t work if the person is too far away, so if the person goes out of range as she starts peeing, she will just start to pee herself instead.

That’s the brief, I’d write about her in various situations such as her wanting to piss herself for pleasure and taking pee from other people around her, to embarrassing someone who had wronged her, to general convenience, such as being on a night out, the bathroom line is way too long for the women’s, but non existent for the men’s, so she transfers her pee from her bladder into a male friends bladder so that he can empty her bladder for her.

I wanted to know if anyone has written about this before, and also, if it’s actually interesting to anyone. Any responses are great, thanks.

