Tonight- An Axis Powers Hetalia Fanfiction

Author: YumYum

*000*2010-10-08 20:10

Alright guys, this was a request thingy for miri-kun on deviantArt (lol yes I have a dA) and I thought that I might post it here if there are others who like male omorashi as well.

The characters are from the series Axis Powers Hetalia. Basically gay countries galore and history made into crack. It is a really good series, despite that sounding weird. I recommend it. C:

The characters in this story, Yao and Kiku, are personifications of the countries China and Japan.

I do write omorashi from time to time, so if you have any suggestions I just might write it.

Ok that's it. Here's the story.

###

"Aiyah, Kiku. Why must you get caught up in traffic on the day of our date?" Yao asked himself, sighing softly as he did.

It was a rainy Saturday evening. The two had plans to go out to dinner, but Kiku was running late. He had called Yao to give his apologies, and to tell him not to worry.

"I'll be taking you out to somewhere special tonight, my dear Yao. I know it won't make up for my tardiness, but when you see it, my love, I hope you'll at least give me a second chance."

That's what Kiku had told him, at least.

Yao managed to pull himself away from the window, sighing. While he acted as if he were ok with it all, he really did feel upset. He wanted as much time as possible to spend with his lovely Kiku. Damn all those cars, keeping the Japanese man away from him.

Just then the doorbell had rung. Yao's head snapped to his left, where the door was located, and hurried to open it. When he saw who it was, he swooned.

It was his Kiku. His lovely Kiku, holding a crimson bouquet of roses in his arms, and soaking wet, as the rain was now beginning to pour down even harder than it already was. Yao didn't know what to say. He didn't know what to do, except stare like a crushing schoolgirl.

"Hello." Kiku smiled warmly, now offering the roses to Yao. "Would you please accept these?"

"Y-Yes, aru. Thank you." Yao whispered, taken aback by Kiku's loyalty to him, then reached out to accept his gift. He then looked up at the Japanese. "Really, you didn't have to, aru."

"I did." Kiku only handwaved this, and then extended his hand toward the Chinese man. "So, will you still allow me to take you out tonight?"

"Of course, aru." Yao replied, taking Kiku's hand while cradling his flowers in his arm. While he should have felt comfortable, he didn't. He had this strange feeling. Glancing in the direction the bathroom was located, he thought back to what he had done earlier today. He hadn't actually visited the restroom since yesterday. But, Kiku was more of a priority than his silly little urges anyway, so he didn't give it a second thought, and off they went.

When Kiku lead his lover to the car, and after the two had settled, Yao still hadn't shaken that nagging feeling of having to go. It wasn't too bad now, but he was still a bit concerned by his need. What was he to do now, though? Kiku has planned everything out, and he was excited to see what exactly the Japanese boy did plan out. He shouldn't worry Kiku over such petty litte things.

They were already late, once they were at the restaraunt, he could excue himself and be back in a flash. Well, then. Nothing to be worried about.

Yet fate just loved fucking with the couple and once again Kiku was caught up in traffic, only this time with Yao in the car. And Yao was beginning to regret not relieving himself back at his own residence.

"Aiyah, this again, aru?" Yao grumbled, trying to sound as casual as possible. He turned away from his Kiku and squeezed his eyes tight. Oh God, the pain. It was a furious, burning pain. Why, oh why didn't he go at home when he had the chance?

"I'm sorry, Yao. We'll be there shortly." Though right after the Japanese had said that, he glanced over at his beloved Chinese man, and saw how hard he was trying not to fidget in his seat.

Kiku had been in this situation before. He knew those signs. He knew that body language. He could spot it from a mile away.

Yao had to pee!

This excited Kiku, but he was careful not to show obvious signs of arousal by this. He instead checked his watch. Hm, seemed that the restaraunt he made reservations at would be closed soon, since they should have been there quite some time ago. Ah, well, this would be much more fun than a dinner at a fancy restaraunt anyway. Especially for Kiku.

Yao continued to stare out the window, never facing Kiku, therefore he was unaware of how hot he had just made Kiku right now. The urine was weighing him down, keeping him from fully enjoying his time together with Kiku. He wanted to hold himself, but even Yao had at least a strip of dignity.

Traffic was beginning to break up, allowing the two to resume on their journey again. Yao probably could have cried from his relief. He might actually be able to make it!

Kiku was having different thoughts. Seeing the street that he was supposed to make a left on, the one that would have lead to the restaraunt, just wasn't an option anymore. He instead kept going straight, now having a new date idea in mind.

"K-Kiku?" Yao asked quietly, trembling a bit as he spoke. "How long will it take us to get there, aru?"

"Not long, my dear sweet Yao. Why, is there something wrong?" Kiku only sweetly replied, perhaps a little too sweetly for Yao's complete trust.

"N-No! Of course not, aru! I just want to spend time with you, and I'm really looking forward to your surprise, and...and...nnngh...." Yao felt a spurt of urine beginning to slowly soak his pants. It took some strength to pull himself together again, especially since he wouldn't allow himself the comfort of openly holding his member through the pocket of his pants. And definitely not in front of Kiku.

Oh God, what he wouldn't give to pee right here, right now. Yao was now unsure as to whether or not he could hold on. And he didn't want to ruin the nice, leathery upholstery that was the inside of the Japanese man's car. He wasn't sure if even he himself would forgive if that were to happen, let alone Kiku.

Kiku saw the new destination approaching. He was a bit disheartend, as he would have loved for his little Yao to have lost it right there in his car. Unfortunately Yao was a lot more stubborn and determined than that. Oh well, if that's what he wanted. Besides, the prize of Yao wetting himself would be even sweeter if Kiku had to work for it.

The aforementioned destination? A quiet, peaceful, streetlit part. It contained not much more than shrubbery, shady trees, vast green grass, and cute little benches for couples to relax on. It was a very romantic spot, despite its simplicity. Kiku did love its quaint charm, and was certain that once Yao took a good look, that he would fall in love with it too.

After he had parked the car, he stepped out and was immediately greeted by a muggy, after showery gust of air to his face. It seemed that the rain would hold off for a while, though for how long?

Yao finally opened his eyes so he could take a peek outside and see where he was now. And once he did, he was speechless. The park's beauty was simply stunning. So much so that he forgot his predicament and stared in awe.

Kiku watched for a moment at the dumbfounded yet ever so adorable expression on the Chinese man's face and smiled to himself. Everything was going perfectly.

"Yao? Are you going to admire from afar or would you like to see more?" Kiku innocently asked.

Hearing this, Yao remembered his problem and sank down in his seat a little. "Ah, o-ok, aru. Give me a moment, aru."

With that Yao pushed open the car door and hopped onto the pavement as fast as he could, jumping in place a little, trying to shift his weight. Kiku gave him a strange look. Yao gave him a pained smiled and crossed his arms, acting as if he were cold.

Kiku paid this no mind and brought Yao underneath his arm in an informal hug. Yao gasped at this sudden movement from his lover, causing him to lose control and let yet another shot of hot pee leak into his nice dress pants. And when that happened he let out a yelp.

"Is something wrong, Yao? You've been actiong very...strange today." Kiku looked over at his little lover, giving him a most sincere look, though his mind was elsewhere.

Goddamn, Yao. I know you have to go, and you know you do, too. Why must you always do this to me? You sneaky little bastard, making me so hot. Hnnnnng....

These were the thoughts that were floating around our dear Japanese man's head.

"Nothing is wrong, aru! Please!" Yao's more than anguished statement cause Kiku's imagination to come back down to earth for a moment. "Weren't you going to take me to a fancy restaraunt or something, aru?"

"Yao, traffic's not something I would have anticipated for today. The place is probably closing up by now. I'm sorry."

"Oh...." Yao's heart sank at the realization dawning in his head. Then came another.

They were in a park. A small one. Which contained no public restrooms.

"Aiyah, this can't be." Yao mumbled to himself, shaking a bit, feeling his penis begin to throb in a dull sort of sensation. He really had to go now. Yet he still couldn't bring himself to tell! This wasn't good, not at all.

"I'm sorry, sweetheart. I don't have any food on me except Pocky, so, if you'd like, we could...have a snack I suppose? Pocky in the park does have a nice ring to it, does it not?" Kiku shifted his eyes over to Yao just in time to see a flushed, struggling boy try to snake his leg around the other as a bit of pee travelled down his leg, leaving just a hint of a puddle on the ground.

"That's...fine, aru! Can we...please just sit down, aruuu?" Yao pleaded as quietly as one would a whisper to the Japanese, signs of desperation now starting to break through. Tears began to gather in his eyes, and a heavy blush rose on his face. "Please, aruuuu...."

"Of course, Yao. Anything for y--" But Kiku was not able to finish his sentence as Yao pulled on his arm and dragged him over to the nearest park bench with the strength of a madman. Perhaps he had played along for too long? Poor Yao must have been suffering more than even he could imagine.

Yet he wouldn't do anything about it. If Yao really wanted to take a leak, he should have brought himself to say so. Kiku was far too excited to give up now. The thought of watching Yao have an accident was too much to pass up.

And now he realized that he was panting in his immense arousal, with his lover giving him strange looks, almost terrified ones.

So he stopped, if just barely."Shh, sweetheart. Don't give me such looks. Would you like some of this? Here." Holding out the box of pocky, he offered it to Yao. Seeing this, his expression changed from crushed to curious.

Yao was hungry. And he did want some of that pocky. So he took some.

"There, there." Kiku patted his dear Yao on his back, kissing the top of his head softly over and over again while Yao sucked on his snack. Then he decided now was the perfect moment in time to ask his question.

"You know that I love you, right?"

Yao felt tears gather in his eyes again. His Kiku was treating him so sweetly, and he instead gives him panicked responses. It was more than enough to make him cry.

Suddenly he felt his bladder give a violent throb, harder than the earlier ones. And he couldn't control it! It sounded off a noisy spurt, left a damp patch between his legs, and had caused him an involantary sob. The wost part? The Japanese man saw it all.

"Kiku, please. I can't do this right now aru." He cried, feeling his tears spill out now as fast as he could wipe them away.

"Of course you can. Here, let me show you." And with that, Kiku's hand shot to Yao's crotch and gripped tightly. The liquid spilled onto his hand for a millisecond, but then stopped from his holding.

"KIKU!! I can't...I can't..." Yao began to cry audibly now, his sobs harsh and broken. He buried his face in his hands to try and hide his embarrassment, and to try and hide himself. Oh, how he wished this wasn't happening!

"Then what if I did this?" Kiku now scooted up closer to his sweetheart, pushing on his bladder, teasing his aching penis playfully. "Come on, pee. Pee and relieve all the tension inside of you. All that sloshing, watery tension...."

Yao sobbed even harder now, because he knew what he was about to do. He clung onto his boyfriend, burying his head into the other's neck, finally letting himself relax for the first time in a while.

"Do you know that...I love you?" Yao just hardly managed to squeak through his tears.

There was a silence for one split second. Then a comforting voice replied:

"Now I do."

And then he let go.

And Yao immediately burst through with an uncontrollable explosion of his pent up urine. It was comparable to a flood for a moment, getting all over Yao as well as Kiku, warming the two up in its steaming heat. Yao sighed in relief, his tears flowing just as freely as the liquid inside him.

It fully soaked his pants, down to his ankles, soaking his shoes as well. Then it spilled off the bench and pounded onto the ground, like the rain had. The only difference was that this sound was something that only his Kiku would ever hear.

The hissing from the pee died down after a while. Yao cuddled his big teddy bear that was Kiku, while Kiku himself rubbed Yao's back while nibbling on his ear and grazing the back of his neck with soft fingers. The rain had also decided to start up again, washing away all existence of Yao's little accident.

"Feel better, love?" Kiku whispered gently, cradling his Yao in his arms.

Yao could only nod as happy tears fell onto his lover's shoulder. "Thank you."

"No, sweetheart, thank you."

