A Little Contest

Author: YumenoKyuusaku

*000*2017-04-21 19:05

Hmmmmm....this is a really old thing, and I wrote it a loooong time ago.

Word Count: 1312

Original Work

~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~

“Hey, pull over at the next fast food restaurant!” a young woman called to her driver, fidgeting a bit.

“Don't listen to Kaylee,” countered her close friend, who was sitting with her in the back of their van. He grinned at the girl, poking her in the stomach. “How about we have a contest instead?”

“What are you talking about, Alan?”

Alan moved to sit beside his best friend and pushed his palm against her abdomen. It was hard, difficult to press down on. She yelped and slapped at his hand, which caused him to pull his arm back. He had a grin plastered on his face and he was very obviously amused.

“Alan!” she squealed. “I'm going to pee if you do that!”

“That's why we shouldn't pull over!” He lifted up his hoodie and the shirt beneath it to show how his abdomen was slightly swollen. “I have to use the bathroom, too. Let's see who can hold it longer.”

It was probably a terrible idea, but it was thrilling all the same. They would both hold it until they absolutely couldn't anymore, and then they would burst, spilling urine into the carpet of the back of the van... But Kaylee was a rich girl and could waste some money to get it cleaned, so there was no real damage done. As long as the anime and manga collection they kept in the vehicle wasn't damaged, it could actually be quite fun.

“Actually, don't pull over!” she agreed, smiling over at the driver, who shook his head and sighed at the two in the back. He was always finished with their antics before they even started up, and this was clearly no exception.

Alan ran his fingers through his bleached blond hair before reaching over to the ice chest they kept with them, pulling out two cans of soda. He handed one to Kaylee as he sat back down. The can fizzed as he opened it, and he made a motion for his friend to open hers as well. “It's more fun if you're drinking something.”

“It's more fun? You've done this before?”

He shrugged. “I didn't have anything better to do with my time, so sure.”

That meant he knew for a fact this was fun, right? So then there was even less harm done in trying it. Their interests aligned with one another perfectly, and everything one was interested in, so was the other—so the theoretical probability of her enjoying a holding contest was one hundred percent, wasn't it?

She squirmed a little as she took a drink of her soda, hips wiggling as she felt a wave of desperation wash over her. Alan must have been feeling the effect of it, too, as he ground his crotch just a bit against the heel of his shoe. Still, he took a big gulp of it, grinning as he moved the can away from his lips. His gaze was taunting, as if he already knew beforehand that he was going to win the contest and she was going to lose. But she had a chance at beating him, right? Maybe his desperation would be worse than hers in the end.

“I bet I'm gonna definitely beat you at this,” he teased, setting his drink down and getting on his hands and knees to get in Kaylee's face. He raised one of his hands to poke her stomach before going up to tickle the crook of her neck.

She yelped and kicked at him, nailing him in hip and forcing him to fall backwards. The desperation was suddenly worse, and she jammed a hand between her legs to keep from letting anything spurt out. After a moment of squirming and gritting her teeth, she finally got herself under control and kicked the boy again. “Not fair! You can't do things like that.”

He grinned again, taking another drink of his soda and looking at Kaylee triumphantly. “Who said there were rules? I bet you almost just lost it!” he chirped in a singsong tone, happily flapping his left hand a few times.

“I did! Not faaaaiiiir!” She was wailing now, flailing in Alan's general direction. She huffed, but she still took another sip. She was taking smaller drinks than her friend, which probably wasn't fair, but with the move he just pulled, she couldn't find it in her to feel any guilt. Besides, if he kept drinking like he was, he was going to end up bursting long before her.

“You're going too slow.” It was almost like he read her mind, motioning to the soda can in her hand. “On three, we're both gonna chug the whole thing. ...One, two, three.”

She couldn't really argue with him, since she had agreed to partake in this little contest that her friend had come up with. She tipped her head back and downed her beverage without taking in a single breath before the container was empty. It left a sickish feeling in her stomach, but more than that, she really needed to use the restroom. Her hand went to her crotch and she crossed her legs, thighs pressing together tightly.

Alan seemed to be struggling now as well, sitting on his foot to grind down on the heel of his shoe. His thighs were trembling as he leaned forward, teeth clenched and both hands at his slightly bulging abdomen.

They seemed to be at the exact same point, and who would tip over the edge first was completely unknown. It could be either or at this point—they were both having trouble and they were both ready to burst.

Desperation hit the girl hard, and she felt a bit of warmth dampen her fingertips and her palms. She must have been leaking already! Her face went red with embarrassment, and Alan definitely took note. He gave her a teasing smile, though it looked forced, like he needed to put plenty of effort into it—which he probably did, considering the state he was in.

“Does that mean you've lost?” he asked, an edge of false innocence to his voice.

Kaylee refused to admit defeat, but another spurt of urine gushed out and spilled through her fingers, dampening the carpet that covered the back of the van. She definitely had lost, and there was no doubt there. She even let a moan slip as more piss spurted out of her and hit the floor.

“You did lose!” He ground down harder on his shoe, letting out a soft whimper as she noticed a wet patch darken the front of his pants. A heavy breath passed his lips as he leaned down even further, a moan coming from his throat. “I'm the winner, it looks like. But I bet I can last even longer! I won't...ahh...won't break until you wet yourself all the way...!”

He was struggling to speak properly, but then Kaylee had nothing to say, since she was trembling and too overwhelmed by the sensation to even manage to speak.

She couldn't hold on anymore, and it all came spilling out. She squeaked as urine soaked her dress and her thighs, and soaked into the carpet. It felt so good to let go, and she slumped down against the side of the vehicle once her bladder was empty.

Alan, who was still trying to maintain his control, finally relaxed. He moaned loudly as piss drenched his pants and his shoe, and he seemed perfectly content sitting in a puddle of his own urine afterwards.

Kaylee couldn't help giving a breathless laugh when she heard the driver mutter something about those damn kids, but he was just going to have to get used to it—she got the feeling that she and Alan were going to have plenty more “contests” in the future.

