Poor Bambi...

Author: Yakimaki05

*000*2024-05-27 15:20

Alastor enters his room exhausted, Vaggie was on his neck all day telling him to repair or build something for the hotel.

To make matters worse, Lucifer was now living in the hotel and watched him the WHOLE day, Alastor couldn't just walk away to go to the bathroom or eat something, he couldn't show weakness in front of these two people, he COULDN'T show any kind of weakness in front of them.

Maybe because they are both angels, but even so, he knows he cannot remove vulnerability of any kind to them.

Anyway, finally he could rest in his room and... "relieve himself", like Alastor says, for some reason he is embarrassed to just say piss, or urine, or pee...

Puff, it's so easy embarrass him.

Anyway, Alastor's smile becomes more relieved as he closes the door behind him and enters his room.

Then he looks ahead and sees Lucifer standing in front of him, without its toothpick and with its sleeves raised and with its sample wings, his wings were retracted so as not to hinder his movement, but they were still there.

Alastor eye ticks and his smile becomes more forced, thinking about how he's going to have to hold even more...

- Hello your majesty, why should I have the HONOR of having to put up with you in MY room?

Alastor says bowing slightly in a sarcastic voice.

- Blah blah blah

Yeah yeah I know my presence irritates you, but I'm here to have fun.

Lucifer says with a shrug.

- Have fun huh?

What do you mean by that...

- Wellllll

@@we had a busy day, I saw that you were working all day, I didn't even see you taking a break, as angels Vaggie and I are used to not taking breaks but I don't think that's your case.

- Your point?

- Oh nothing, just saying, you must be tired, hungry...

Alastor listens to Lucifer slowly as he struggles not to jump slightly or lower his ears due to the pressure on his bladder.

- Needing to go to the bathroom...

- HA!

You are VERY wrong, your majesty, I'm great!

Alastor says taking a few steps and going behind Lucifer, been back to him.

- Now can you leave my room? I would like to enjoy a little ALONE TIME.

Lucifer turns to Alastor and laughs at the deer demon.

- Don't lie to me dear, it's impossible to have gone the whole day without taking a break and being 100%.

- Well, YOU of all people should know that I'm not like all the other weak demons you know.

- Hehe, you really believe this dear?

- Ow I know that.

Lucifer then looks Alastor up and down and slowly uses one of his wings to touch Alastor's waist.

The feeling of feathers touching his waist makes Alastor spasm and take a step back against his will.

- What is that?

Bambi has been so long without being touched that even a small touch like that intimidates him?

Alastor trembles slightly feeling his bladder jump with the teasing and the touch.

- Maybe it's because their wings burn.

Your Majesty...

Alastor says with a superior smile.

Lucifer rolls his eyes and steps in front of Alastor, coming face to face with him.

- Lie to yourself all you want my dear.

With that Lucifer grabs Alastor with two of his wings and throws him on the bed.

Alastor groans in fright when his body hits the mattress, closes his eyes with the fright of the rapid movement and feels that a few drops have escaped him.

Lucifer turns around looking at Alastor with a look of superiority now, he laughs and releases Alastor from his wings and bends down placing his hands on the bed.

- So, does THAT burn?...

Alastor opens his eyes angrily and leans on one arm to look at Lucifer, he grunts in anger looking at Lucifer in the eyes.

- WHAT WAS THAT FOR!?

- Just for fun my dear haha.

Alastor then gets up and sits on the bed angrily.

- I'm sorry sir but WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT!?

Was your personality changed or something like that???

- None of that my dear, I was just banned because of the boring day, and I wanted to have fun.

- DON'T call me dear...

- What? that's your thing?

- Stop teasing me sir!

- Oh ok ok, how about instead of darling I call you deer?

- SIR-

- Hahaha

Alastor then moves closer to Alastor making the deer demon fall back unconscious and falls onto the bed again.

Lucifer then brings his face closer to Alastor with a winning smile.

- I scare you deer?

Alastor grune in response.

- Ow ow, I think someone leaked.

Says Lucifer looking at Alastor's pants, there was a small but visible wet spot on his pants.

Alastor didn't know if this happened when Lucifer threw him onto the bed or when he fell onto the bed when Lucifer approached, but it's bad anyway...

Alastor moves further away from Lucifer, going back on the bed and placing the bed sheet over his pants.

A blush can be seen on her face, but his smile remains on his face.

- GET OUT OF MY ROOM! NOW!!!

Alastor's ears twitched a little, he was trying hard not to let them flatten completely, because that would be the sign of weakness.

- Oh, now have things gotten fun?

Alastor looks irritated at Lucifer and Lucifer laughs at Alastor, amused by the situation.

Lucifer then walks around the bed threatening to put his wings on Alastor.

- Come on deer, it's just a joke, don't be so tense

- WHY DO YOU INSIST ON CALLING ME DEER!?

- You said you don't like dear

- YEAH BUT-

Lucifer covers Alastor's mouth with a feather from his wings.

- Don't worry my little Bambi, I'll clean everything up when we're done...

Alastor trembles, Lucifer's voice sounded serious, THAT was the king of hell...

Lucifer then starts to walk around the bed touching Alastor lightly, one touch on the shoulder with the hand, one on the belly with his wings, and other varied touches teasing Alastor.

Each touch made Alastor leak some more, and Alastor yelled at Lucifer about how annoying he was being.

Even so, sighs can be heard each time a little more "liquid" leaves his body.

Lucifer starts to only use the feathers of his wings to tease him and this for some reason makes Alastor even more blushing and messy.

Alastor sighs and feels his body shake as his pants and bedsheet get wetter by the second, until Lucifer sees behind him and slowly pulls his chin with his hand while wrapping his wings around his neck.

With that, Alastor completely lets go, flooding his pants and sheets.

Alastor completely loses control of his body and lets his ears droop as his body relaxes, relief invades his legs, making them slightly more open under the sheet so the liquid can escape more freely.

Alastor sighs heavily as the last drops leave his private parts beyond his control.

- Oh, dear Bambi made a huge mess, didn't he?

Alastor sighs with his body shaking, his eyes closed and the heat inside him burning more than the heat of hell itself.

Lucifer releases Alastor and hides his wings, and then snaps his fingers making any remnants of the events that just happened disappear.

Lucifer goes to the door of Alastor's room and puts his hand on the handle, but before leaving he turns and looks at Alastor.

Alastor was dry, but he was still a complete mess, shaking and sighing uncontrollably.

- By by Bambi, see you tomorrow 💞.

Lucifer then leaves the room and FINALLY leaves Alastor alone, Alastor sighs and his ears begin to bob slightly up and down to the mix of feelings he is in at the moment, he close your eyes and take a long breath again, and lets his body fall onto the bed again.

@@putting his pillow over his face to muffle and scream of shame...

His face is completely red, is this the power of the king of hell?...

*003*2024-06-02 11:39

{{On 5/28/2024 at 11:42 AM, Brittanybunny said:

Love this!!

}}

Oh thank you 🌸

{{On 5/28/2024 at 2:24 PM, daisyduke said:

@@oooh i was hoping to read something with these characters, loved it!

}}

@@hehe, thats was the first time I wrote about Hazbin Hotel, thank you for liking it 🙃🌸

