Accident

Author: Yakimaki05

*000*2024-06-01 19:45

OHH

FOR. GOD. SAKE!!!

AGAIN!?

He never learns???

Going all day without giving yourself a single break to take care of his needs...

This never ends well.

Now Alastor is having tea with Rosie, he doesn't even like tea, but Rosie always convinces him to have tea with her.

He squeezes his legs already crossed while he takes a sip of tea listening to Rosie say something about one of her ex husbands, or maybe it's from a neighbor of hers? he doesn't even know anymore, he's not truly listening.

Alastor puts the cup of tea on the table and tightens his legs even more, he puts his hands on his legs discreetly and feels a small shiver down his spine as more liquid passes inside him.

He just wants to go to the bathroom, he wants to put his hands on his crotch like a child about to wet himself and whine for Rosie to stop talking and take him to the bathroom.

He just wants to whine and look pathetic enough for her to notice his problem and ask him if he needs to go, he just wants her to hug him and say "oh darling it's okay, I'm here" he NEEDS THIS.

But at the same time, how could he be thinking such depraved and humiliating things?

How could he be WANTING to whine like a child begging for the potty?

How could he, the radio demon, such a powerful and famous overlord, be in a situation like this???

On the inside he wants to scream and kick like a child, on the other he can't even say to Rosie, his BEST FRIEND how he needs a bathroom break.

He's having a mental debate, he couldn't really want this, he's not a child, right?...

Rosie notices their lack of interest in her story quickly, but at the same time...

She notices how Alastor is squeezing his legs much more than usual, how his face sometimes turns a shade of red on his cheeks.

@@she thinks as she takes another sip of tea until she realizes something, she hasn't seen Alastor going to the bathroom all day...

@@ohhh, that is the problem...

Rosie puts her tea on the table and calmly gets up and walks over to Alastor who is still sitting.

- Alastor.

- Uh? yes Rosie?

- Uncross your legs.

Alastor's face becomes slightly redder, and one of his ears almost lowers involuntarily.

- Uh? why my dear?

- You have your legs crossed all the time, if you don't uncross them at some point you will get cramps.

Alastor closes his eyes listening to what Rosie said, she is a little right, but uncross legs now...

He doesn't know if he'll be able to hold it.

- Oh oh, I appreciate your concern dear, but I'm fine, why did you get up anyway?

@@will end our tea party for today?

- Don't get off topic Alastor, do what I said

- Ughr...

- Don't snort at me, young man.

- Look Rosie, I don't think this is necessa-

Rosie, without warning, simply uncrosses and suddenly opens Alastor's legs.

Alastor feels his bladder about to release and grabs the chair so he has something to hold on to.

He can feel his insides and the liquid in his bladder jumping and moving, a small tear forming in his left eye, and the ear on the right side also falls against Alastor's will.

He makes a low noise like "ehh" in pain because with his legs uncrossed it is 90% harder to hold the pee.

He looks down to make sure it hasn't leaked, and by some miracle of destiny, hes dry.

Rosie smile raises her head with her eyes closed.

- Better now, don't you think?

Alastor stops looking at his pants and looks at Rosiez, immediately remembering that he couldn't appear weak and trying compose himself.

Raise your ear and try not to hold the chair so tightly.

- Haha, you have to let me know when you make a move like that Rosie, gave me a little scare haha.

- That's a tear?

Damn... DAMN DAMN DAMN DAMN IT!

Damn body that reacts without his consent, a small tear forming in his eye, how is he going to get away from this now?

- Here, let me clean it up for you darling.

Rosie calmly brings a finger from her hand to Alastor's eye and wipes away his tear.

- Did you get that scared, dear?

I didn't mean to scare you honestly, please don't cry over such small things.

- That's not... Rosie...

Rosie licks the tear on her finger making Alastor have a little internal shock, liquid... DAMN IT.

He just wants to tell the truth, but it's very shameful... even more so after all this...

Rosie slowly places a hand on the back of Alastor's head, and the other in his left ear.

Alastor shudders just at the touch, even though it's normal for Rosie to stroke his head, this is a VERY TERRIBLE moment to do that...

- Hey, it's getting late, so I'm going to give you the usual affection and then you can go home.

Oh yes, she always caresses Alastor before he can im though, it's their custom, Alastor never minded, deep down he loves it, what's the point of having a deer's ear and not being petted even once, right?

It's comfortable, leaves him calm and relaxed...

WHICH IS EXACTLY WHAT HE DOESN'T NEED RIGHT NOW, IF IT FEELS TOO COMFORTABLE HE MAY LEAK!

Rosie starts to calmly caress Alastor, it's nothing too intense or weak, it just feels good.

TOO GOOD!

Alastor trembles, how is he going to get out of this now? If he tells you now it will be strange, like he is running away from the caress, but if he gets too comfortable he will...

Rosie seems completely oblivious to this, calmly petting Alastor as she always does.

Alastor feels so bad, if he leaks some will splash on her, he would never forgive himself if he does that...

Rosie simply hugs him warmly so she can better reach Alastor's ear.

Alastor trembles, no no no no, not now please...

@@he feels Rosie's warm body against his, her arms wrapped around his arms, this warmth feeling of comfort, that's too much...

Hold this, hold this, hold this...

Alastor thought that with all his might, so much so that he didn't even notice one of Rosie's hands touching his tail.

It's rare, but sometimes Rosie caresses Alastor's tail too, Rosie calmly runs her hand up and down Alastor's tail , It's comforting, it's good, it's fun...

Alastor trembles with every little touch, it feels so good, but in such a bad moment..

He's trying, he swears, he's doing as much as he can, a few drops must have come out but he's still trying!

- You're shaking a lot...

@@oh no...

SHI, SHIT, SHIT, SHI-

- Don't worry.

Rosie hugs him even tighter and warmer.

- I'm here for you...

That's it, it's the end, Alator's eyes fall, his body shakes less, and...

@@his pants start to get wet...

A few tears run down Alastor's face, while the liquid soaks his pants and forms a puddle under the chair he's sitting on, and then falls to the ground among drops and small waterfalls, a little drips onto Rosie's dress, but Rosie does nothing, continues stroking Alator's tail and ear calmly.

Almost a minute later Alastor's flow stop, Rosie tries to move away from Alastor but he grabs her in a hug.

- Oh Alastor, what's that for darling?

In response, Rosie only hears a low cry and some squeaks.

- Alastor?

- So-orry...

Sorry?...

HE IS APOLOGIZING FOR WET HIMSELF!?

IT LOOKS LIKE A CHILD-

WHO ADORABLE!!!

- ...

Rosie hugs Alastor again, her face is a little red and with a huge smile.

- Is ok Alastor, is ok, happens to anyone.

Alastor tightens his arms around Rosie, crying a little harder now.

- I-I ma-ade a mes-ss...

- Alright darling, I'll clear it all in a second.

- ...

- Let me guess, you're spending the night here?

- Y-yes...

- No problem with that!!!

Rosie says stroking Alastor's head again.

