(Modern Family) Alex's awakening

Author: yexokid

*000*2023-07-15 08:22

The sound of the shower turning on pulled Alex from her homework and made her heart drop, but she wasn't sure exactly why. Being pulled from concentration like that always made her a bit disoriented. It wasn't until she looked down at crossed legs that her bladders signal finally registered in her mind.

"Dammit Haley" Alex muttered and shifted in her seat.

She knew that if Haley had only just started showering it would be a long time before their shared bathroom was available - and she knew from experience that Haley wouldn't let her in to pee.

Content that she'd have to wait a while, Alex tried to concentrate on the book in front of her, but her bladder made that a difficult task. Becoming increasingly aware of how badly she needed to pee, she tried shifting around and sitting in a couple different positions. But she would only get a few sentences into the book before her bladder butted in.

Not one to face defeat Alex undid her jeans and pushed a hand into her crotch to relieve some pressure. Little did it help however as her bladder was still adamant that WE REALLY NEED TO PEE.

All it did accomplish was making Alex aware of the size and firmness of the bulge that her bladder was making and Alex decided that it was probably time to face the music - she doubted she could descend the stairs to the downstairs bathroom without showing how desperate she was; and she had no doubt her mother was ready to remind her to remember to take regular breaks from studying - besides, the window where she could make it to the downstairs bathroom without accidents was closing.

As Alex rose from her seat the pressure on her bladder changed and spiked suddenly. Not prepared for the increased force her muscles were unable to keep everything back.

"Fuck" Alex gasped as she felt the leak.

Desperate to regain control, Alex doubled over pressing her hand against her jeans and steadied herself by grabbing the desk with her other hand. She tried steadying herself by slowing her breath and slowly straightening her back. She was in deep trouble. She'd leaked enough that she could feel her jeans had a small wet patch on them.

Alex walked as quickly as she figured she could get away with without further leaks. Her hand still necessary to reinforce her bladder.

As Alex opened the door to her room, Claire called from the front door.

"Bye girls! We're off to Luke's soccer tournament! No Parties, no boys and nothing broken when we get back."

"But have fun!" Phil added.

"Phil"

Alex thanked her lucky stars, as this would at least mean that she wouldn't get another lecture - and if she didn't make it downstairs, she'd probably be able to clean it without anyone noticing, even if she wouldn’t admit to herself, that it was a distinct possibility.

"Bye guys! Have fun!" Alex called back.

As the front door closed Alex made her way across the landing, the sound of the running water from Haley's shower absolutely wasn't helping her ailing bladder. She glanced at the bathroom door and decided she might as well try knocking.

"Haley! Will you please let me in?"

"Get lost loser! I'm showering!"

"Please Haley! I REALLY need to pee!"

"Go downstairs dork!"

The tinny music playing from Haley's phone was turned up and Alex gave up. She wasn't expecting anything else, but she still sighed at the prospect of going down the stairs in her current state.

Standing at the top of the stairs looking down Alex steeled herself and grabbed her crotch even tighter, before grabbing the banister to lean against. More weight leaning on the banister was less weight on each step and less jolts.

The first half of went by slow and steady with Alex being very careful to skip the lose step, even though the extra-long step had invited a couple drops to escape into her panties, it was a small sacrifice to avoid potentially stumbling and losing everything.

But as she crossed the middle of the staircase a drop or two was starting to escape with each step - no matter how much she pressed her hand into her crotch, trying to block her urethra. Alex made a bold decision to trade safety for speed and hurried down the last steps where she could let go of the banister and try to use both hands to keep the floodgates somewhat closed. It had come at a price however, as the wet patch on her jeans had more than doubled in size, and she was sure that it would be very visible to anyone who saw her.

Power waddling towards the bathroom Alex knew she wasn't safe yet at she still had to get inside and onto the toilet, which wasn't guarantied with the extra pressure that being close to the toilet always brought along.

However, as she reached the bathroom door a memory suddenly popped into her mind, of her and Haley getting back from school and both really having to pee, fighting over the bathroom which Claire had settled by telling Haley to go pee in the garden because she was the oldest. Something that had annoyed Alex at the time as it implied Alex wouldn't know how.

Her next decision was something Alex has spent a lot of time since trying to explain - eventually settling on something about feeling she'd lost control over her bladder/body and the situation and trying to get it back.

Despite the protests from her bladder Alex turned away from the bathroom door and made her way through the kitchen to the door to the garden.

Luckily the sliding door was unlocked so Alex didn't have to remove her hand to open it, instead opting to lean against it and move it using her whole body. Very glad to be able to keep her hands in place as leaks very almost constant now, she couldn't imagine what would happen if she had to unlock the door.

But stepping out onto the deck Alex had to figure out what would happen when she moved her hands to pull her pants down.

Alex paced around a bit trying to figure out what to do, debating going back to the bathroom, before deciding she'd just have to jank them down and squat.

After a couple of breath to steel herself, Alex removed her hands and started pulling her pants down. She had started peeing almost as soon as she removed them and even before she started pushing the sides of her jeans down the wet patch was growing.

What exactly her jeans got stuck on she never figured out, but she only got them down to the middle of her thighs before they stopped moving. But it was low enough that her crotch was completely exposed and the pressure of the river that wanted out made her stream gain an impressive distance away from her, even more so when Alex gave up and stopped fighting her body.

The feeling of relief was so great her breathing became unsteady and amid everything she couldn't help but enjoy the feeling. Looking up at the treetops and the clouds drifting by paired splashing sounds gave Alex a feeling of bliss she hadn't felt before. She stood there taking in all the impressions until her bladder finally emptied.

When she finally looked down, she couldn't believe the amount of liquid she'd held in. The massive puddle on the deck was stretching out from her. To her front it was probably about 4 maybe 5 ft away from her. Alex bent over to inspect the damage. Everything was completely soaked through. Jeans, panties, socks, shoes.

Alex started stripping off her wet clothes and wiped her feet off in the grass before sneaking back inside the house. Luckily Haley's shower was still going, and she could start a load of laundry and sneak upstairs and into her PJ-bottoms until she could get a shower of her own.

*003*2023-09-24 12:20

Alex looked over at her alarm. 7:45. She sighed and rolled onto her back and squeezed her legs together. She had to pee, which had been the plan, but it was too much to early.

It had been a few weeks since her -accident? Discovery? Alex wasn’t sure exactly what to call her turning down the bathroom to pee outside. – but she couldn’t deny she’d thought about it a lot.

And Alex was finally going to have the house to herself today. Everyone should be out of the house from 8:30 and Alex wanted to do what every scientist did with questions that lingered on their mind, test the theory.

Unfortunately, if she was going to be able to… test the theory, and cleaning up afterwards before anyone came home, she’d have to do it as soon as possible after people left. That’s why she’d skipped going to the bathroom last night and set her alarm for 8:20.

She had probably miscalculated however as she’d just been pulled from her dreams by a very full bladder and now had to wait 45 minutes or lose todays chance.

Alex pressed a hand between her legs. Luckily her pj bottoms didn’t put any unnecessary pressure on her bladder, but she had planned to get normally dressed and that was probably going to be a challenge.

Alex debated whether she should try to fall back asleep, but she was fairly sure her bladder wasn’t going to let her, and the risk of ending up wetting her bed was perhaps not too big but she really didn’t want to deal with that clean up.

Instead, Alex sat up in her bed and swung her legs over the side to remove her pj and put on the red panties and the jeans she’d picked out last night. She figured there would be less pressure on her bladder getting dressed sitting in her bed than having to bend over, and keeping the pressure on her bladder low was paramount if she had to hold it – 7:57 – 33 minutes more.

She slowly started to get up and out of her bed. Her body felt heavy, and she was certain she could feel the liquid in her bladder sloshing around. She hadn’t closed the buttons on her jeans or zipped them up so Alex grabbed a sweatshirt that would be big enough to hide the front of her pants.

Alex steeled herself and walked out of her bedroom onto the landing, she couldn’t help but glance into the bathroom through the open door that made it seem so inviting, being Haley-free this time.

But as the budding scientist she saw herself as Alex had to stick to the plan and test her theory. She walked past the bathroom and started descending the stairs as Phil with Haley in toe, head buried in her phone, walked past the stairs and opened the front door.

“As the desperate salesman yells right before closing…” Phil called to no one In particular before making eye contact with Alex and waving.

“Bye bye”

“Whatever” Haley said as she walked by their father, head still buried in her phone.

“Bye guys” Alex waved back, squeezing her thighs together again.

2 down, 2 to go Alex thought to herself as she stepped off the stair and onto the wooden floor.

“Luke finish you breakfast we have to get going!” Alex could hear Claire call in the kitchen.

“Yeah yeah”

“It’s good for you, you might start to grow up” Alex said, trying to sound her usually snarky self, as she entered the kitchen.

“Alex!” Her mother exclaimed as she appeared from the basement holding an empty basket.

“Oh by the way, can you empty the washing machine when it’s done. I’ve just started a load and we should get going”

“Sure no problem” Alex said leaning over the kitchen island, squeezing her legs together. Her bladder was uncomfortably full and pleaded with her to go to the bathroom instead of holding on.

Claire placed the empty basket in the kitchen island and turned her attention back to her youngest child, sitting by the dinner table with his headphones eating cereal.

“Get finished Luke, I just got to use the bathroom and then we need to go!”

Alex grabbed a glass and the juice standing on the counter and poured herself a glass. The sound wasn’t helping her aching bladder, but she was actually quite thirsty, and she felt that just standing around was suspicious.

Luckily her mother stepped out of the kitchen and with Luke on the other side of the kitchen island, Alex could cross her legs without fear of either of them noticing, which helped a lot as she put the glass to her lips and added even more liquid to her body.

Alex looked over to the sliding door, on the other side of which she’d planned to test her theory, and was reminded of another memory. She had been standing about where she was now on a morning years ago when Haley tried to sneak in through the door after a night of breaking curfew. Of course, Clair had caught her and was had started telling her off and demanding to know what she’d been doing.

Alex had noticed Haley swaying, stepping from one foot to the other, trying – in vain - to get a word in. Haley had kept saying that she just had to do something, but their mother clearly wasn’t in a listening mood. At the time Alex had just assumed Haley was still drunk but that quickly change after Clair had told her “What every you just need to do first you can do right here young lady!” and Haley’s rebelliousness took over. Alex had watched in silent amazement as her big sister said “fine” and then started peeing herself.

Alex was sure that the dark patch on her sister’s pants and drops hitting the floor was accompanied by a lot more yelling, but she couldn’t remember what had happened afterward.

Alex was brought back to the real world by the sound coming from the bathroom her mother occupied. Every now and then Clair would sound like a garden hose in the bathroom and of course it had to be one of those times, which prompted Alex’s own bladder to spasm, and she instinctively pressed a hand into her crotch relieving some pressure.

Luke finished up his breakfast and walked over to drop his bowl into the sink. Alex slowly walked around the kitchen island to keep it between them allowing her to keep her hand still buried in her crotch. Her bladder felt like a soccer ball in her abdomen, and it put an incredible amount of pressure on her private parts.

Alex regretted going with jeans instead of her pj bottoms as the softer material would have allowed her to press directly on her urethra to hold back to flood.

The sounds from the bathroom finally subsided but was followed by Claire’s voice.

“Goddammit Haley! Alex, sweetheart would you mind grabbing me a roll of toilet paper?”

“Why can’t Luke do it?!” Alex called back unwilling to move around unnecessarily.

“Cause he doesn’t remember where it is”

“She’s right” Luke said proudly and walked out of the kitchen.

“I’ll be in the car” he called into the bathroom door.

Alex sighed, but figured that she could at least put hands into her open jeans. When she pressed directly on her panties Alex couldn’t help but notice they were damp. As she walked over to the basement stairs Alex wondered why – it didn’t feel like she’d leaked at all.

Alex slowly made her way down the stairs, liquid sloshing around inside of her. She had to consider that the dampness of her panties wasn’t directly related to her struggling bladder but perhaps a side effect of the excitement she felt from the pressure it caused. She walked over to the closet and grabbed a roll with her free hand, also taking a moment to bend over and squeeze herself extra hard – the juice was starting to make it through her system, and it pushed her already struggling bladder ever closer to its breaking point.

“Alex?” her mother called.

“Coming” Alex stood up straight and started ascending the stairs one step at a time. Now she was undoubtably starting to leak. With every step she could feel a couple drops escape her and add to the growing wet patch on her panties.

When she reached the kitchen again tears were starting to form in the corner of her eyes. She felt so close to relief, but she was getting more and more desperate quickly. She had to throw in the towel and go into the bathroom after her mother.

She walked over to the bathroom door as quickly as possible and knocked. Her mother was clearly ready as the door quickly got unlocked and opened, revealing an open hand that Alex placed the toilet roll into.

“Thank you, Alex” Claire said as the door closed just as quick. Alex was losing the battle, the leaks becoming more and more frequent even when she didn’t move. She had to hide, there was no way she could wait until her mother was finished.

Alex scurried into the kitchen and behind the island and crawled up on a barstool. She could feel her hand getting more and more wet as she lost the battle to her bladder. As the bathroom door opened Alex retracted her hand and folded her hands on top of the island counter. The leaks weren’t stopping anymore, instead becoming a small flow of urine that started to escape her panties and turn the crotch of her jeans that unmistakable dark color.

“Alright we’re going bye Alex. And remember the laundry!” Her mother waved from the corridor.

“Bye Mom!” Alex called.

As her mother turned to the door Alex could feel the warmth spread down her thighs. Alex prayed to all higher powers simultaneously that her urine wouldn’t reach the end of the stool and start dripping before her mother had left.

“And if there is anything I’m just a phone call away!” Her mother turned back to say as she swung her purse over her shoulder.

“I got it mom! Go before you’re late!” Alex called as the small flow picked up and spread even more warmth around her privates.

Alex stared fixedly at the front door as it opened, along with the first drops hitting the floor underneath her. She held her breath, hoping that her mother didn’t hear it.

When the door slammed behind her mother Alex exploded. Everything in her bladder wanted out right now. She exhaled as she looked down at her crotch where the force of her pee was so strong a small jet was coming out of her jeans, which were rapidly turning darker all around. Alex started at it mesmerized as the warmth reached her bare feet and the dripping sounds were becoming so rapid it sounded more like rain.

Alex felt like she peed for minutes, but the bliss and excitement that accompanied the flood made it feel like no more than a moment at the same time.

When the trinkle slowed and the signal from Alex’s lungs registered reminding her to breath she looked at the massive puddle underneath her. A part of her already started thinking about the massive amount of work the cleanup will be and cursing herself, but another part, a more alluring part pushed those thoughts aside and her hand once again reached down into her jeans.

