Keeping It All In - Persona 4

Author: Yawnoslom

*000*2025-06-18 01:19

Naoto frantically pounded on the locked metal door. She knew coming back here was a bad idea.

"H-Hello? Is anyone out there? Me and Yosuke-senpai are trapped in here!"

No answers came from the other side. Instead, a familiar cute voice rang out inside their heads. Naoto thanked the Gods that Rise's Persona could keep track of and communicate with all of them from afar.

"Huh? How did that even happen?!"

Naoto sighed. Her own dungeon was like a maze, as it took the form of an old underground bunker. She was shocked that the doors hadn't malfunctioned sooner. Naoto knew this trip would be a disaster, but Yu insisted it was necessary to find some materials. Naoto understood, but she didn't like it.

"Me and Yosuke-senpai stumbled upon this small room with a treasure chest. I suppose when we had our backs turned, the door closed shut and initiated some kind of locking mechanism. Is it possible for you to crack it from the other side? I can't see anything that will help us from here."

There was a bit of silence for a few moments. Eventually, Rise responded.

"Got it. I see the room you two are in. That door looks like it might need a key card to open. I don't know how you guys managed to get through without one in the first place, but try not to worry. We'll all find the key and get you two out of there. Hang tight!"

Yosuke finally spoke up. Naoto noted how oddly quiet he was being since they'd gotten trapped in here.

"W-Wait! How long is this gonna take?"

"Sorry, but I'm really not sure. It could be on any of these floors. But with Yu-senpai on the case, you two will be free in no time I'm sure!" Rise said as cheerful as ever. She cut off her communication to help aid in the search.

Naoto sighed and leaned her back up against the door. At the very least, she'd get to take a short break. She looked at Yosuke, who seemed a little distracted. She wasn't surprised. Neither of them expected this happening.

"I apologize. If I had just been more careful and payed attention to my surroundings, perhaps we wouldn't be locked in here right now." Naoto spoke up. Yosuke turned towards her, a bit surprised. It was rare for her to apologize for anything.

"Eh, nothing to be sorry for. It's this stupid doors fault, not yours." He replied, turning his head away and crossing his legs. He has taken a seat on the floor, making himself comfortable.

For the next while, the two sat in silence. It had only been 10 minutes since they talked to Rise, but it felt more like 40. Naoto fiddled with her gun, while Yosuke was tapped his foot over and over. His eyes were closed, looking almost concentrated on something.

"Is something the matter, senpai? You seem restless. Feeling claustrophobic?" Naoto asked, breaking the long silence. The room wasn't too big. It was about the size of a large elevator, and the two were sat facing each other. The chest laid open, off to the side. All of this and the only thing in there was a weird looking soda.

"Huh? Nah it's not that. Just got...something else on my mind right now." Yosuke said, wincing a bit. He adjusted his position and crossed his other leg over the other. He tapped his foot a little faster.

"Ah. I see. Well the others will come through soon I'm sure."

More silence. The two never really had a chance alone like this. Naoto had no clue what she was supposed to say, if anything. They were friends, sure, but not at all close. Yosuke shifted slightly, his fingers digging into his legs. Naoto wondered if she should break the silence once more or let it go. Though if they were gonna be stuck here for long, it would be best to make conversation. Perhaps they'd have a chance to know each other better.

"If something is truly bothering you, don't hesitate to speak up, senpai." She said bluntly. He looked back at her, almost debating whether or not to respond.

"You're gonna laugh."

"I won't. I'm sure it's no laughing matter. I don't find humor in seeing my friends struggle."

"You don't find much humor in anything..."

Naoto sighed. She didn't even know why she bothered. Seriously, what was up with him?

"Well if that's how you're going to be like that then-"

"No wait! Look, I'm sorry. I just...nngh..."

Suddenly, in a move that surprised Naoto, Yosuke gripped at his crotch tightly and squeezed his legs together.

"I really need to take a leak! I've been bursting ever since we entered the TV world, damnit!" He cried, his emotions getting the better of him. He couldn't even hide it if he tried. His head rolled back and he rocked his body back and forth. Tears welled up in the corner of his eyes, as he could almost feel himself getting more desperate by the second. Naoto sighed and rubbed her head.

"For the love of...are you serious?"

Yosuke nodded. The others already knew of his small bladder and how it tends to overreact in stressful situations. Chie would usually make fun, while Yukiko would laugh along. Rise thought it was gross and always warned him not to piss everywhere if he couldn't hold it. Despite all of that, Naoto knowing felt somehow even more embarrassing. She was usually so stoic and strong, not to mention highly judgemental. He tried to defend himself.

"L-Look, I have a small bladder okay? It's been an issue for me for years now. The others always make fun and I know it's a problem..."

"Perhaps they have a right to. You always make fun of them and their insecurities. Me included." Naoto replied. She didn't know Yosuke that well, but she did know he loved to tease. He was always making fun of her height, which embarrassed her to no end. The way she saw it, this was karma catching up to him.

"I...I know. I'm sorry. P-Please...I'm gonna...ooooohhhh!" He moaned, and clenched tight. It was looking dire for the poor boy. The last thing he wanted was to piss himself in front of Naoto of all people.

"Settle down, Yosuke-senpai. I'll help you. But you have to promise me one thing..."

"Anything!"

"Never make fun of my height again. It's embarrassing."

Yosuke groaned, but nodded his head.

"O-Okay. Deal!"

Naoto stood up from her spot and looked around the room. There were a few options to consider that would grant him his relief. The corner, the chest...

"I suppose this is necessary. Who knows how long we'll be stuck in here. May as well set up a designated area for us to relieve ourselves in."

Yosuke gulped. Was Naoto really gonna be okay with him pissing in here? Though anything was better then ruining his pants.

"This chest will do. It's empty now. Go on and make it quick, senpai." She said, dragging the chest over to him. He stood up, his legs shaking intensely. His hands were gripped tightly on his crotch. Naoto was appalled by just how little he cared about his dignity. She turned around and gave him his privacy. Though there wasn't much to give in a room as small as this. She was only just a few inches away.

Yosuke quickly unbuttoned his pants, and aimed towards the bottom of the chest. His bladder had filled so much, he looked almost bloated. He couldn't remember the last time he was this desperate. He had no clue how he managed to keep quiet about it for so long.

Naoto waited. Surely she would hear him...going. Yet nothing happened. 10 seconds of agonizing silence passed and she was already getting impatient.

"Well? Didn't you need to go?"

"I...I can't..."

"W-What? What's wrong?"

"I...I might be a little pee shy. I can't go with you in here..."

Naoto groaned in frustration. This was getting ridiculous.

"You can't be serious..."

"L-Look, you try taking a leak when someone is standing just a few inches away! It's awkward, okay?!"

Naoto wanted to debate, but couldn't. It was a terrible position to be in.

"Very well then. So either you get over it, or you wet yourself like a child."

Yosuke whined. He bounced up and down, and pressed on his engorged bladder. A few measly dribbles rolled out, but he just couldn't do it. He silently begged his body to just give in and relieve itself, yet no matter how hard he tried, it wouldn't. He thought of rushing water, memories of times he relieved himself, how amazing it would feel to just empty everything out...

Yet nothing happened.

"I suppose that's it then. May I turn around now?" Naoto asked. This was going nowhere.

"Y-Yeah...I give up..."

Yosuke tucked himself back into his underwear, but couldn't button his pants back up. He struggled to get it around his full, swelled up bladder. Now that it was free, there was no containing it again.

Naoto had turned to see the pathetic sight in front of her. His unbuttoned pants, exposed underwear, and bloated bladder was on full display. He looked almost like he was about to cry, as he went back to gripping his crotch and hopping in desperation.

Naoto was almost starting to feel bad for him. It's not like he can control it. She only wished he could be more mature then this in such a crisis situation. Seeing him so exposed was awkward...

"Why are you still...unbuttoned?"

"C-Can't put it back on. My bladder is too swollen, it won't fit around it! Nnnghhh...nonono..."

All the wriggling only made things worse. His pants fell completely to the floor, fully exposing his orange undies. He let out a loud gasp, while Naoto yelped in shock.

"S-Senpai! Get a hold of yourself!"

"M-My bad! I'm sorry! I'm so s-sorry..."

This was now officially the most humiliating thing to ever happen to Yosuke. He didn't dare bend down to put his pants back on. Putting pressure on his bladder was the last thing he needed. Instead, he kicked his pants off his ankles and remained in his underwear. It felt good to have some pressure off. If only it didn't come at the cost of his dignity.

Naoto turned away and covered her eyes. The creeping blush in her face almost made her sick. This all went so wrong so fast. She needed this to end. Now. There's got to be a solution to all this...

Then she remembered.

She had read it in a book for health class about a month ago. It was all about the human anatomy, which in the end, was useful in helping her learn more about the male body. Anything to help keep her identity a secret better. But there was one interesting passage that she noted as fascinating at the time, if a bit gross.

"Listen to me. You won't like this, but I might have a solution. It'll help you...keep it in."

Yosuke perked up ever so slightly. The slightest glimmer of hope returned to him.

"You do? Tell me! I'll do anything!"

Naoto gulped and looked straight back at him. She mumbled her words...

"You need to get yourself erect."

Yosuke's jaw nearly dropped. His eyes went wide, and he backed away slightly

"WHAT?! Nonononono...I can't do that now! Not here! Not with you! Not while I'm about to fricken piss all over myself! Besides, how is THAT gonna help?!"

Naoto groaned. She didn't want to have to explain something so vulgar, but it was needed.

"It's simple. The blood flow in your...privates...will constrict your urethra. Ergo, no urine will be able to come out. Or at the very least, it'll make it more difficult for it to escape."

Yosuke took this new information in. Perhaps he should have payed more attention in health class. It sounded like it could help, but it was just too weird for him to do here.

"I...I can't. No way..."

"Very well. I've done all I can."

The room went silent once more, save for the sounds of Yosuke hopping up and down on the metal floor. Naoto couldn't bear to look at such a pitiful sight. His underwear had a slight darkened wet spot on the front that was only getting wetter and bigger by the minute. Slowly, he was losing control.

Yosuke took a seat on the floor. It took him a few seconds to get comfortable.

"L-Look away..."

Naoto understood entirely what he was planning, and gave him his privacy. She turned her head away and closed her eyes.

Yosuke slowly peeled his underwear down. He began to stroke himself, feeling ashamed it had to come to this. His dick was slightly wet from the various leaks he had suffered just moments ago.

He had no material to work with, only his imagination. He closed his eyes and his head rolled back. He thought of nurses, girls in swimsuits, various classmates nude...

But it wasn't working. His bladder was too full and needy for him to focus properly. He needed better material.

"Uh...Naoto..."

"...yes?"

"I need your help..."

"Pardon?"

Naoto's heart started to beat fast. She didn't know where this was headed, but she had a bad feeling...

"I can't...get it up. I need you to-"

"Absolutely not. Out of the question."

"P-Please! I'm dying over here!"

For the umpteenth time today, Yosuke was completely embarrassing himself. Naoto was conflicted. She truly didn't like hearing and seeing him suffer, but she didn't know how she could help any further. She ran through a bunch of scenarios in her head, all of which made her feel strangely hot inside. She started to hear him whine, a sign that he was gonna lose it any second.

"I...understand. I'm going to open my eyes, understood?"

"R-Really?"

Naoto nodded, she slowly opened her eyes and turned back towards him. It was an unruly sight. His underwear was pulled down to his knees, he had a strong grip on his crotch, and he looked like a complete mess. The pathetic sight made her feel strange deep inside. This was the first time she'd ever seen a man's body in this sort of way. She cleared her throat.

"W-Well then. What exactly should I do? I'd rather not get my hands dirty..."

"Um...I don't know. Maybe...strip a bit? Encourage me?"

His face was completely red. He could hardly get his words out anymore. Naoto slowly crawled over to him. They were just a few inches apart. Her heart was starting to beat rather quick. She was getting frustrated with him, but at the same time, it's not like she was completely against helping him out. It was almost enough to make her brain short-circuit, and that was an extremely rare event.

"I've...never done this before. I'll try..."

Naoto froze for a bit, thinking of what to even say or do. This was almost too awkward for her. She couldn't stop staring at him holding himself.

"U-Um...go on. Keep masturbating...?"

Yosuke cocked an eyebrow. He'd burst put laughing, if his situation wasn't so dire. He gestured for her to continue.

"P-Please. For me? Come on, senpai..."

That was already much better. She said it in such a cute, desperate manner. It was hard not for Yosuke's heart to flutter. He slowly began to continue stroking.

"T-That's...good. Maybe sound a bit more girly? Like....mmph...you mean it..."

Naoto sighed a bit. She was so used to lowering her voice a few octaves to hide her true identity, she almost forgot what she actually sounded like. What it felt like to be herself.

"Like...this~?" Naoto moaned in an exaggerated manner. She sounded a bit too ridiculous, but Yosuke ate it up wonderfully. She almost wanted to take her revolver and pull the trigger on herself, but at the same time, this whole thing made her feel strangely warm.

It didn't take long for Yosuke to get erect. He always thought Naoto was cute, but he never imagined she'd be helping him out like this. The best part was that his bladder struggled to even leak anymore. The painful drips had stopped, all because he was aroused. Naoto was right! A part of him liked how it felt to jerk off with a full bladder. Now he just had to keep it going somehow.

"Good boy. Keep going and...maybe I'll reward you..." Naoto continued, her voice becoming more into its natural self. She was really starting to get into the roll. She was almost beside herself, as she nearly never felt this kind of way. Somehow, it was different now. She always prided herself on her abilities, so she wasn't one to turn down a unique challenge like this.

Yosuke stroked faster. His cock slowly enlarged, the tip become moist with a mix of precum and piss. Naoto felt her mouth salivate at the sight. She noted his rather average size, though it was quite pleasing to look at. He was uncut, which she oddly figured would be the case.The way he stroked allowed her to see personally what that looked like. He had a slight bit of pubic hair as well, black. This surprised her, as she always thought brown was his natural hair color. A conversation for later.

"Shit...you mean it? You're not actually gonna..."

"I just might. Then what? Don't tell me you'd orgasm so quickly if I did. Then you'd be in the same predicament as before..."

Yosuke groaned desperately. He could already feel himself edging closer to a full on explosion. He had to slow down slightly so as not to go overboard.

"Let's begin, shall we?"

Naoto took her hat off first. She shook her shaggy blue hair, and set the hat aside. Next, she undid her school jacket. Slowly, she popped open each and every button. The leisurely process was agonizing for Yosuke. His heart was pounding so fast, and the desperate look on his face pleased Naoto to no end. She began to count down each and every button, just to add salt to the wound.

"That's four. Let me take this off. It's getting rather warm in here..."

She slowly removed the button up jacket, and set aside next to her hat. The only thing left was the loose school shirt. Then underneath...a binder to conceal her breasts.

"Y-You sure about this? You don't have to if you don't want to. This is...haaaah...p-perfectly fine!" Yosuke stammered. His nerves were starting to get the better of him, but he truly did want to make sure she was comfortable. She gave a brief nod.

"Positive. I want to help you. And..."

Naoto trailed off. She was getting so distracted, which was highly unlike her. The reality of the situation was starting to hit. Just a few minutes ago, she was appalled and even disgusted by his behavior. She would hardly even consider them good friends, but now it was as if a switch was flipped inside her. She had no idea what caused it but...

She lifted her shirt up over her head and threw it to the side.

"H-Holy shit this is really happening. Ohmygodohmygodohmygod..."

Yosuke squirmed on the spot, he gripped his cock tightly and stopped stroking. He nearly bust then and there and had to control himself. Naoto giggled at the sight of his torment.

It was another part of Naoto that Yosuke was starting to like. He never heard her laugh before until that moment, but it was heavenly. Her voice was so comforting and cute as well. He was starting to see why Kanji had the hots for her.

"Feeling alright, senpai? I'm ready to continue when you are..."

Yosuke nodded and bit his lip nervously. Slowly, Naoto began to unhook her binder. Both of their hearts were pounding like crazy. Yosuke could hardly sit still, and Naoto felt entirely red and sweaty.

Finally, Naoto bit the bullet. The hooks came undone, and her binder came right off.

Yosuke nearly died on the spot.

Out spilled the most beautiful pair of breasts he had ever seen. At the very least, they were somehow more impressive then the ones he had seen in the videos he watched online. Seeing a pair this perfect up close was like a dream come true.

He was shocked at just how large her tits were. That binder was fighting for its life everyday, and poor Naoto was likely in extreme discomfort. They were slick with sweat, likely from the nerves and the heat of the cramped room they were stuck in. Her nipples were red and swollen, almost begging for some sort of attention.

"W-Well...what do you think?" Naoto couldn't help but ask. Her insecurities about her own body started to creep in. She stared at the wide eyed, slack jawd Yosuke. He didn't respond. He struggled to find the words.

"U-Um...please say something..."

"Perfect. Naoto...you're absolutely beautiful..." was all he could say. Naoto felt heat rising in her face.

She felt truly speechless for the umpteenth time today, though it was for a good reason this time. This was the first time someone had ever complimented her body like that. She hadn't expected it from Yosuke of all people.

"You...truly think so?" She wanted to confirm, one eyebrow cocked. She held her pair of jugs up with her hand, feeling the slick sweat wet her fingers. Yosuke nodded, now slowly stroking.

"Shit...I can't...I'm gonna...!" Yosuke started to panic. Naoto wasn't sure if he was about to wet himself, or if an even bigger surprise was about to occur. Her heart felt like it was about to explode out of her chest, and she braced herself for anything.

"It's okay, senpai. Just...let it out.

That was all the permission he needed. Yosuke's stroking sped up significantly, and his swollen, red, pulsating cock was ready to burst. Precum was drooling out of him and onto the metal floor below. He writhed and moaned, and for just a moment, he forgot how badly he needed to pee.

After a few short seconds, it finally happened. Yosuke felt his balls tighten, and he blew his load all over Naoto and the floor. She jumped and yelped in shock, his load hitting her breasts and face. Some had even managed to get in her hair. It was fairly impressive for the young man. His moans echoed loudly throughout the whole room, and the utter relief on his face was evident. He started to apologize profusely once he realized he got Naoto, but he just couldn't stop. Rope after rope shot out uncontrollably like a machine. He knew his first time with a lady would be messy, but not this massive.

After a short while, Yosuke's orgasm finally slowed into nothing. His cum started to dribble all over his hand and down his shaft. He was finally finished, and what a mess he had made. Naoto was practically covered due to his impressive aim and power.

"I...don't know what to say."

Naoto was the reddest she had ever been. This whole experience was entirely brand new to her, but she wasn't as opposed to it as she initially thought. Though they were definitely going to need to clean up quick, or else they'd have to explain the mess to the others. Naoto was an intelligent lady, but she had no idea how they'd even begin to explain something like this. Yosuke took a shaky breath and spoke up.

"T-Thank you. I mean that was...wow..."

He hung his head back and closed his eyes. He never felt so good in his life. Though he felt like he was forgetting something important...

"I really don't know what came over me. I apologize for being so unruly. We should get ourselves cleaned up and...uh..."

Naoto trailed off. She heard a faint sound...

Fssssssss...

"Aaaaaah..."

Naoto jumped back when she finally realized. Yosuke let out another sigh of relief. His bladder finally began to relieve itself all over the floor in front of him, his dick flowing wildly like a hose. A large, foamy yellow puddle began to spread outward in her direction.

"Senpai! You're urinating!"

"Mmmm..."

He wasn't even listening. He was lost in his own world currently. One where relief took control over his rational thoughts. Now that he was limp, his bladder had no restraints and let go. The stream picked up in strength, almost like it was a pressure washer. Naoto felt a few drops hitting her bare chest. She couldn't stop watching.

"You're not going to stop it? It's getting everywhere..."

FffsssssSSSSHHH

"I...suppose not."

Naoto stood and stepped back. The puddle spread further and further, and Yosuke just continued to let it happened. The look on his face said it all. He no longer cared. Naoto wouldn't be surprised if the entire floor of the room would be drenched by the end of it.

The mess continued for almost a full minute. Naoto struggled to find a spot that wasn't soaked. Her shoes could no longer avoid getting wet. Yosuke barely registered the warmth spreading underneath him, his own warm piss soaking his pants.

Finally, the stream petered out. Yosuke sighed and opened his eyes. A feeling of extreme embarrassment started to crawl through him upon seeing the mess he made. A massive yellow lake all over the floor that wet his pants and spread to Naoto, and that's not even mentioning how she was still covered in his load.

"Holy crap...I'm so sorry!"

Naoto shook her red face in response. They were going to have a long, awkward talk at some point about all this. She didn't even want to think about that.

"No need to apologize. It's all because of me that you-"

A loud sudden noise startled them both. The metal electronic door behind Naoto slowly began to open.

"Oh no..." Yosuke murmured.

On the other side, the rest of the team was waiting for them. Yu held a key card in his hand.

"You guys okay?! Sorry it took so long. We got...uh..."

Naoto was the first to speak up, covering her naked chest.

"DON'T LOOK! IT'S N-NOT AT ALL WHAT YOU THINK!"

Yosuke could only watch in horror as the others gagged in response once they realized what those two were standing in.

This was going to haunt them both for the rest of their lives.

