Damn Lines... (Nightmare)

Author: Yakimaki05

*000*2024-01-24 21:52

Nightmare and Error are now in Error's Ant-Void, they had a fight and now Nightmare is trapped in Error's lines still and arguing with Error

- Agh-!

This stupid lines!

They're restricting my movement...

Said Nightmare squirming trying to release from Error lines.

- That's the point you idiot.

Said Error walking towards Nightmare.

Error lifted Nightmare's chin up, forcing him to look at him.

- Hey Nightmare, I have a question for you...

- Gruh-

What?

Go to the point.

- What would you do...

If you desperately needed to use the bathroom, but you didn't want to tell me?

Erros said with a slightly provocative voice.

Nightmare scoffed and looked away.

- I'd never admit something like that

What would be the point?

He turns his face away so he doesn't look at Error.

- Oh, are you implying there's something I need to tell you?

What, have I upset your feelings?

He asked, chuckling slightly, and turning his face to Error again.

Error let go of Nightmare's chin, standing up and stepping back.

- No, but you look like you're in a...

@@tight situation, don't you?...

Error looks Nightmare up and down and chuckles a litte.

- You're starting to fidget, your face is turning turquoise, and you won't look me in the eyes as we talk about this

Something tells me...

@@you need to go...

VERY badly...

Nightmare eyes widened slightly, a wave of embarrassment washing over him like a tsunami.

- U-uh-

N-no! I don't need to go at all!

Stop inventing stories...

- You don't look like you can hold it in much longer Nightmare...

And I don't think you can hide it either...

Error gets a little closer to Nightmare.

- Your face is hot like fire, your voice is quivering and I can feel the heat rising from your body...

Your cheeks are slightly puffing out too, a sign that your bladder is becoming quite full.

Nightmare huffed awkwardly, averting his gaze once more but shaking his head no.

- I... am... FINE!!!

I don't need to go!

Trust me...

He said, stuttering a bit.

- Do you think I'm stupid?

I know you really need to pee Nightmare...

Error said turning his head slightly and smiling.

- N-no, n-no, no! I don't need to, honest!

Nightmare protested, his face was bright turquoise and his eyes began to water a bit.

- Look at me in the eyes while you say it then...

Error said softly

To make his request clear, he put a hand on Nightmare's chin and directed his gaze back towards him.

Nightmare eyes widened and he looked dead into Error's eyes.

- I D-DON'T need to use the bathroom okay!?

I'm absolutely fine...

His voice was shaky, but his tone was full of fake confidence.

Error looked Nightmare in the eyes for a moment...

- Your voice is shaking in fear and your eyes keep darting off in different directions...

You look worried, your heart is beating quite fast, a few beads of sweat were dripping down your forehead

You're lying.

- N-no I-I'm not!

Nightmare said, sweat pouring down his face and his heart racing.

The longer he kept this up, the more his bladder became full, and the more he feared a wet accident.

- I'm not! I-I swear!!!

He said, his breath being shorter and more erratic as he tried to keep lying.

Error chuckled, leaning towards Nightmare's face.

- Do you really want me to make you confess?

I could tell everyone...

Error chuckled.

- Not just the others in this AU, but everyone in the world, even those far from this fandom...

They'll probably have a field day with it, maybe even use it as some type of meme...?

- Nightmare...

Do you really want that buddy?...

Error released Nightmare's chin, approaches Nightmare from behind and

@@starts touching Nightmare's bladder.

Nightmare starts to squirm in distress, feeling even more embarrassed and afraid.

- Nonononono- stop!

Nightmare said, his voice growing high and panicky.

Error starts touching Nightmare's bladder harder, making a slight smirk as Nightmare squirms.

- I-I- I-I'm g-gonna pee- E-Error, st-stop! I c-can't take i-it anymore!

He stuttered, his voice becoming high-pitched and quivering, a few tears started rolling down his cheeks.

Error starts pressing down even harder on Nightmare's bladder now, chuckling as he sees Nightmare panic.

- Hey Nightmare...

You admitted...

Errors says, pushing his finger and thumb a little harder on Nightmare's bladder.

Nightmare finally broke.

- Ok-kay, okay-

I give up!

I n-need to use the bathroom!

Plea-ase just stop already!

Nightmare's face was turquoise from embarrassment, his voice was shaky and tears were rolling down his cheeks, he was about to piss himself.

- Finally!

God, it took you a while, you idiot.

Error said moving his finger and thumb away from Nightmare's bladder.

Nightmare panted heavily, trying to get his breath back.

- C-can you let me go now...?

- No~

He pulled Nightmare closer and pressed his bladder hard.

- No! PLEASE!

He wailed, pee starting to slowly trickle from the bottom of his pants.

His eyes widened and he gulped nervously.

Error started smiling as he pushed Nightmare's bladder even harder, enjoying every second of Nightmare's cries of pain, shame and embarrassment.

- P-PLEASE, STOP IT!

I CAN'T HOLD IT IN, I-I REALLY GONNA-

His voice was high-pitched, quivering and panicked.

Error pushes a little harder, making Nightmare moan in pain.

- You're so pathetic Nightmare...

The king of negativity in this state...

What a joke!

Nightmare voice still being high-pitched, quivering and panicked, he started yelling out.

- STOP PLEEEEASE!!!

OR I'M GONNA-

You could tell by the desperation and panic in his voice, that he was about to piss himself.

Error starts pushing even harder, his smirk becoming even bigger

His eyes are practically gleaming with satisfaction, and he can't help but chuckle slightly.

Nightmare starts crying and yelling even louder, piss starting to stain the front of his pants, he was so close..., his eyes tight because the pain was becoming unbearable.

- P-P-PLEASE, STOP!

- Aww, look at Nightmare everyone!

The king of negativity is going to piss himself, that's just soooo...

SAD~.

Nightmare felt a warm flow run down his legs, he stops screaming and looks down, the liquid was dripping onto the floor and forming a small puddle.

- I want to see how far I can take this...

Error says pressing Nightmare's bladder as much as possible.

Nightmare lets out a small groan of pain, feeling his bladder give in completely.

Nightmare's bladder was almost at its limit, all the pee in his bladder flowed out of his pants, flooding the puddle on the floor, making it bigger.

Nightmare started to sob, pee streaming down his legs.

- N-no.....

He had officially lost his pride.

- Hey Nightmare look

You completely peed yourself like a child

Oh wait, that's right...

You are a child...

Error said, turning his head away, releasing Nightmare still tied in his lines, and starting to laugh.

Nightmare was completely soaked in pee now, his pride and dignity completely demolished now, and the only thing he heard now was Error's laughter and his own sobs.

- You know, I think this going to make everyone see you as a joke now Nightmare~

- S-shut the g-good damn up...

Nightmare said with his eye closed still crying, sitting in a puddle of his own pee...

