The Night Shift

Author: youromofantasy

*000*2018-08-26 20:39

Hey there. I'm a new author, please be gentle with me as I learn! - Maya

###

Kyra Barnes sighed as she lifted the oversized iced tea dispenser up to rest on the lip of the industrial sink. It had been Sierra’s side-work to empty and clean it out, but the flighty girl had forgotten and was long gone for the night. Kyra pulled off the plastic lid and tipped the dispenser into the sink. It was still half-full and the liquid inside sloshed around before pouring out in a rush down the drain.

She grabbed the hanging faucet and rinsed out the inside, the spray of the water making her aware that she hadn’t emptied her bladder all night. It had been a busy Saturday and she hadn’t had any time for breaks between helping her staff and handling customers. Now that the restaurant was empty and she’d slowed down enough to feel it, the sensation crept up on her.

Kyra walked the empty dispenser back to the passthrough area where it belonged next to the soda fountain. The rest of the passthrough gleamed, having been cleaned extra well in preparation for the inspection scheduled for the next morning. Kyra gave it another once-over before disappearing into the cramped office to the side of the kitchen.

Old three-ring binders and scratch paper scattered atop the small wooden desk and a decrepit set of lockers stood in the corner, draped with old, greasy aprons. Kyra flopped into the ratty red rolling chair and reached up to the hanging cabinet to retrieve a new inventory sheet. She ran her hands over the row of binders on the desk until she found the right one and inserted the blank sheet.

Inventory usually didn’t take her more than two hours and she was ready to get it over with and make her way home. She’d need to be back again in the afternoon and wanted to get some decent sleep beforehand. Eager to get started, she picked up a pencil and stuck it behind her ear as she walked to the back of the building where dry storage was kept.

On her way in, she tripped over a piece of saran wrap left carelessly on the floor. She slid a few inches before losing her balance and grabbed for the door to break her fall. It did her no good, and she flew forward into the room, the door shutting closed behind her.

She lay stunned on the grimy tiled floor, her hands red from where they hit the hard surface. She pushed herself up, rubbing her palms and noticing the rubber door wedge laying next to her. Her heart stopped when she realized the implication.

That door had been broken for the better part of two years. Fixing it was not high on the priority list, and the restaurant didn’t have the budget for back-of-the-house repairs. Instead, it was left permanently propped open with the wedge because it locked automatically each time it closed.

Kyra eyed the door, which had made a loud whump sound as it shut. She picked up her notebook and pencil and scrambled to her feet. She pulled at the door’s rusty handle to no avail. It didn’t even budge a centimeter. She yanked again, and again, each time growing more frantic. She put her back into it and still no joy.

She turned around and surveyed the small enclosed space. She was trapped. She pulled her phone out of her pocket and sighed in relief that she still had a charge and service. She scrolled through her contacts until she found the morning manager’s phone number. Punching the green button, she tapped her foot impatiently as it rang several times before going right to voice mail.

Huffing, she tried again. And again.

“’Ello?” A sleepy, annoyed voice sounded in her ear. She let out the breath she’d been holding.

“Sarah! It’s Kyra, on night shift. Hey, listen, I’ve accidentally locked myself in dry storage. Can you come down and let me out?” Kyra asked, hope evident in her tone.

“Kyra?” Sarah asked. “W-what?”

“I’m locked in dry storage. It’s a funny story, really,” Kyra giggled. “But I’m locked in. You’re the only other key-holder. I hate to ask this, but I’m going to be done with inventory in an hour and I’d really love to sleep in my own bed tonight.”

“I’ll get you in the morning,” Sarah mumbled. Then the phone went dead.

Kyra stared at it in disbelief. True, she had woken the girl up at one in the morning, but it was kind of an emergency. She wouldn’t have left Sarah hanging, if the roles had been reversed. She tugged at the door again as if it would budge out of her sheer will. It didn’t.

Kyra’s bladder chose that moment to send her another signal and she cursed under her breath. She’d forgotten to visit the bathroom and now she was trapped with no way out. Her heart began to beat faster as she realized she was about to have a bigger problem than just sleeping on the gross, hard floor.

She hit that call button again, hoping against hope Sarah would pick up one more time.

“What!” Sarah practically yelled into the phone. Kyra cringed and made a face.

“Sarah, it’s Kyra. Please, you don’t understand,” she began plaintively. “I can’t get out, and, well, I’m going to need to use the restroom at some point.”

“I have to be there in…” Sarah trailed off and Kyra could hear her bedsheets rustling in the background. “…four hours. You can wait.”

“I can’t wait four hours!” Kyra protested, but Sarah had already hung up again. Kyra flipped off her phone and growled in frustration. Sarah had always been a bit of a bitch, but Kyra didn’t think she’d be this heartless.

“This is fine,” she whispered to herself. “I’ll be okay, I can hold it.”

Her notebook still in hand, she figured she may as well start on the inventory and see how long she could occupy herself with that. She started on the east wall, as she always did, with the bread products.

It failed to keep her mind off the fact that she had no access to a bathroom. Once she’d come to the realization, she’d been able to think of little else. Ever the pragmatist, she scanned the enclosed space for anything she might be able to use as a toilet. But there wasn’t even a single to-go cup in sight, ever since they’d started storing those extras in the passthrough.

Kyra didn’t let the panic slow her down and kept at it, eventually finishing the worksheet in a little over an hour. In that time, she held out hope that Sarah would come to her rescue. After three hours had passed, though, hope dwindled and left the building for good.

Kyra sat on the floor, her pink plaid button-up shirt undone and exposing the white tank underneath. Wisps of light brown hair fell out of her ponytail haphazardly and her jeans were splattered with ranch dressing and barbecue sauce from the busy night she’d had. She leaned her head back and closed her eyes, phone in hand, debating whether to try Sarah again.

She wasn’t able to ignore the pressure in her bladder anymore and started to panic. With each deep breath she took, she felt the urgency grow. She hit the call button one more time, but nobody answered. Sarah must have turned her ringer off.

Kyra brought her hand up and buried her face in it for a minute. How did she even end up in this situation in the first place? She would put in a work order to fix that door immediately upon her release, after a much-needed trip to the restroom, of course. She crossed her legs and squeezed her thighs together, her hands clenched at her sides.

She noticed her lower abdomen protruding out further than usual and she rested a hand very lightly over her jeans, feeling how tight they stretched across her distended tummy.

“Mmph,” she whined aloud.

Sleep was the furthest thing from her mind. All she wanted to do was find a place she could relieve herself. Her need seemed to grow exponentially with each passing minute and she checked her watch, noting that it had been ten hours since she’d emptied her bladder.

She bounced her leg on top of the other one and slipped her hands in between them. It wasn’t long before her hands made their way up into her crotch. She kept them there as she wriggled and moaned softly.

Leaping up in desperation, she crossed one foot over the other and bent forward, hands rubbing at herself. She unbuttoned her jeans to give her over-stretched bladder some relief. It helped, but only for a split second. She backed up to a stack of boxes that sat about waist height and used the corner of one of them to sit on and create enough pressure to help her hold her bladder.

She squeezed her eyes shut, moisture forming underneath her lashes. Her muscles shook with the effort of keeping the flood back and fatigue set in. She knew she wouldn’t be able to hold on much longer, yet it would still be a half an hour before Sarah would show up.

She yelled at the top of her lungs in frustration, but there was nobody there to hear her cries. Twisting herself like a pretzel, Kyra prayed to a god she didn’t believe in for the strength to hang on.

The first leak dampened her panties before she could fully comprehend what was happening. She felt for a wet spot, but her pants had stayed dry. She ran in place, trying her hardest to keep the rest in. Her bladder ached for release and leaking hadn’t helped. She crossed and re-crossed her legs, her whole body in exaggerated motion.

Suddenly, her hands felt wet and pee poured out around them, her tired muscles having given up entirely. It dripped down her legs and darkened her jeans in its wake. Her thighs glistened under the fluorescent lights as the piss gushed out in rivulets.

She put her head down in shame and finished peeing quietly, watching the pale liquid circle the drain in the floor before disappearing. Her shoulders sagged, exhausted from the effort she’d just expended trying to keep it all in, an expression of sheer bliss on her face.

Kyra stood there in shock for several minutes after she’d finished, chest heaving and red splashed across her cheeks. Her jeans felt heavy and she slid down to sit on the floor, legs still shaking. A rattling noise from the other side of the door startled her. She looked up in panic just as Sarah shoved the door open.

“So much for dry storage,” she quipped as she held out a hand to Kyra. “Let’s get you cleaned up.”

