How to bond with your new Stepmother

Author: YaboiYursTruly

*015*2023-01-05 07:20

{Chapter 4} I decided to go a sexual route. :P

"I don't want to sit in my wet clothes anymore! It's been almost half an hour!" Kaylee said.

"Well, you can take them off at the gas station." Sandra replied. "It looks like we're moving again."

Finally, the traffic cleared up, and they made it to a gas station. Sandra pulled in and turned off the car.

"I'm going inside to go to the bathroom." Sandra told Kaylee. "Go ahead and take care of yourself. I'll be right back."

Kaylee nodded. She could tell Sandra wasn't happy about this situation, but she didn't say anything.

Sandra hurried her way inside. As soon as she entered, she bolted into the ladies room. She took her place in the very first stall. She undid her jeans and panties and slid them down her hips. Arousal fluid dripped down her pussy. She was so horny. She sat back against the toilet and spread her legs wide. She reached her hand between her legs and began furiously rubbing her clit. She couldn't believe what she saw earlier. She kept replaying Kaylee peeing herself in her mind. She couldn't get the image out of her head.

She felt so ashamed of herself for watching her step daughter like that. But at the same time, she was incredibly turned on by it. What Kaylee did was so humiliating, yet so erotic. Sandra's fingers quickly became slick with her arousal. She rubbed faster and harder as she got closer to climax. She could feel her pussy getting hotter and tighter. She bit her lip as she came hard. Her juices squirted out of her pussy and splattered onto the toilet seat.

A huge orgasm shook her entire body. Pee shot out of her pussy in a steady stream. She could hear herself gushing loudly as she orgasmed. Pee wildly shot out of her, missing the toilet completely. It landed all over the floor, and soaking the seat. She continued to cum as she peed, shooting hot urine everywhere. She thought about Kaylee sitting in her own piss. She thought about Kaylee's body, and how she would look naked. She pictured Kaylee pissing in front of her.

Sandra's pussy contracted repeatedly as she came. She held her breath as she finished emptying her bladder. She gasped for air. She couldn't believe how much she came. Realization hit as she looked down, seeing her own pee all over her legs, toilet seat, floor, and even the stall door. Guilt and shame set in as she realized what she had done. She just masturbated to fantasies of her own step daughter. It was so wrong. She was disgusted with herself. She knew she shouldn't do it. But she couldn't help it. She was addicted to Kaylee's humiliation. She thought how embarrassing it must be to pee yourself. This thought excited her. Sandra began cleaning up her mess.

Meanwhile Kaylee was still in the car waiting for her stepmom to come back. She tried to clean herself as best she could. But there was nothing she could do to fix the seat or the floor. She was so ashamed of her messy clothes. She sat in her own urine thinking about how her stepmother watched her pee herself. She thought about how humiliated she felt. And then she imagined what it would be like to have her stepmother watch her again. She imagined her stepmother making her walk around in her own urine soaked shorts. That would be so humiliating. She shivered at the idea. Her pussy tingled from the thought of it. Why am I so turned on by this? Suddenly her thoughts were interrupted by Sandra opening her car door.

"Here you are." Sandra said. "I ran into the store and grabbed some cleaning supplies for you."

Kaylee smiled weakly and thanked her stepmother. She was still embarrassed, but she was feeling a little better now. When Kaylee stood up out of her seat, pee dripped down her legs.

"I'm not going to clean up your mess." Sandra announced. "You're a big girl. You should be able to figure out how to clean it up. After all, you made it. You're going to have to get out and clean it up. I don't want to touch it."

"But I'm soaked! Everyone will know I peed my shorts!" Kaylee protested.

"That's too bad. Are you going to clean it up or not?"

"I can't let people see me like this!" Kaylee cried.

"Then you'd better hurry up before someone sees you." Sandra said as she pushed open the car door. Kaylee stepped out hesitantly. Her face was bright red. She looked around the parking lot hoping no one would notice her wet shorts. She was mortified by the mess. She didn't know where to start. There was pee everywhere. The smell of her own urine filled the air. She took some paper towels and began wiping up the mess. She wiped off her legs and crotch first. Then she used cleaning products on the seat and floor. Sandra was standing over her, watching her work.

"You missed a spot." Sandra said as she pointed to a stain. Kaylee quickly wiped it up.

"There, that looks much better," Sandra said. "Go get some new clothes out of your bag."

Kaylee walked over to the trunk and opened it. She pulled out her suitcase, trying to avoid looking at Sandra. She grabbed a pair of green athletic shorts and pink panties. She zipped her luggage back up and walked over to her stepmother.

"You're going to have to change in the store. I'm not letting you back in the car with soaked clothes." Sandra said. "You're going to have to go inside wearing those wet clothes."

"What? No way! People will laugh at me!"

"I don't care. Now get changed. Hurry up."

Kaylee hesitated for a moment, but she knew she couldn't win. She would be humiliated either way. So she awkwardly walked into the store. She looked down at her soaked shorts and blushed. She tried to act natural, but she was really self conscious about being seen like this. Tears welled up in her eyes as she slowly walked into the store. She stopped short when she saw two customers staring at her. Their faces were shocked with embarrassment as they stared at her. They obviously noticed her soaked shorts. She held her head down as she made her way into the store. She glanced around until she located the bathroom. She walked inside and locked herself in the first stall. She sat on the toilet still wearing her wet shorts. She began crying quietly. She was so embarrassed to be seen in this situation.

She sat on the toilet for several minutes, sobbing. She had never been so humiliated. She felt dirty and disgusting. She heard the door to the bathroom open and close. Then she heard the sound of footsteps approaching. She looked up and saw Sandra walk into the bathroom. She was carrying a small plastic bag.

"Here put your wet clothes in here." Sandra said as she handed Kaylee the bag from under the stall.

Kaylee picked up the bag and began removing her soaking wet shorts. Sandra stood outside the door listening to Kaylee change. Kaylee peeled off her urine soaked shorts. They fell with a loud plop onto the floor. Next, she removed her underwear and placed them in the bag. There she stood, naked from the waist down. Her face burned with humiliation.

