Please stop talking... (Nightmare)

Author: Yakimaki05

*000*2024-01-09 23:56

Nightmare spent the whole day working with the bad guys and didn't have a chance to go to the bathroom, He finally has a free moment to go relieve himself but Cross stops him halfway to ask about the next mission.

And now Nightmare is doing everything he can to make sure Cross doesn't notice his urgency to pee because he's too proud to admit he needs to.

Nightmare is holding in his urine with all his might, his teeth gritted, and fists clenched in pain.

He takes a deep breath in, and a deep sigh out.

He puts on a big, fake smile.

- Yes, what is it this time, Cross?

He says in a "softer", more polite tone than he normally uses.

Cross feel like he's hiding something, but you didn't get a chance to investigate it.

Cross gaze is boring through all, he asks to Nightmare if he is up for the next mission, he starts to talk about his next destination and the plan for the mission, Nightmare just listen silently.

Nightmare feel like Cross expects he to answer him, but he don't want to because maybe his voice would give Cross away.

Nightmare still clenching his teeth, his mouth starting to twitch in pain...

He's starting to get quite impatient.

Nightmare, still gritting his teeth, is nodding along, and acting as if everything is fine.

- Uhrummm, sure...

He says in a strained, tight voice.

Cross is not fooled by Nightmare attitude, he can see and understand everything and knows that his boss are hiding something.

- Is something wrong?

You seem... distracted...

Your answers are quite short.

Nightmare keeps trying to keep calm, to look unfazed.. but he's clearly starting to struggle.

He looks away, as if ashamed.

His voice is still tight, but more strained and rushed...

- M-mm... no, no- i'm fine!...

He quickly says, trying not to act suspicious.

- You're lying.

I know it

You've been like this for a while now You're hiding something from me

It's all written on your face...

Cross stares at Nightmare, he is waiting for his explanation.

- You're crazy, Cross hahaha.

Nightmare puts his hands on Cross's shoulders and spins him around so Cross's back is to him.

- Now that we've resolved that, you can go back to your duties, okay?

His voice shakes, the tight, strained tone turning into a nervous, shaky one.

Nightmare quickly puts on his mask of 'unfazed' once again, and try hides his urgency to pee.

- I'm completely fine, I'm promise.

He says in a nervous tone.

He sighs, trying to stay calm, but Cross looks over his shoulder looking into Nightmare's face, as Nightmare looks back at Cross's eyes, he knows he's suspicious, he looks scared.

Cross looks into Nightmare eyes and studies your every move... he is not fooled by his excuses, he knows perfectly well that Nightmare have something to hide.

- :No, you're not, you're trying to act tough, but you're not, and you're not fooling me either, you better tell me what is bothering you.

Nightmare is shocked, he had hidden everything so well, yet he had been caught anyway, the fear of embarrassment and failure grows bigger, as the urgency to pee becomes harder and harder to hide.

He turns Cross' face forward so Cross can no longer see his face.

- C-cross.. please... just ignore it, I'm begging you, I don't have the nerve to admit what the issue is...

His voice is soft, and shaky, the begging being slightly tinged with fear.

Nightmare says letting himself blush and shake knowing that Cross couldn't see his face because his back was to him.

Nightmare know perfectly well that Cross can see through his mask, see if you're lying or telling the truth.

- Tell me the problem and you'll see I can help, It's not that bad!

Cross is looking at Nightmare softly, his cold expression turning to a warm smile, his calm tone only makes Nightmare even more scared.

Nightmare squirms and crosses his legs, not having the courage to tell Cross the truth, he starting to squirm, trying not to pee his pants, he tries to hide it by shifting his body.

- I-it's nothing-

He says quickly, and nervously.

- I swear, is nothing! just a small stomach ache-

As he's speaking, the urgency to pee is becoming too much for him, pain evident in his voice, even so, he refuses to let himself break.

Cross is not stupid, he can still see through his lies, but Nightmare embarrassment is so evident, he aswould do anything to go to the bathroom in this situation, but Nightmare don't want to give a bad impression to Cross, do he?

He sees all this.

He smiles in a way he don't know how to interpret, he knows perfectly well what is bothering Nightmare, and he seems to be enjoying every bit of your discomfort, finally, he can't help but laugh.

Nightmare embarrassment is too much for him now, he lets out a moan of pain, gripping his stomach.

Nightmare turns his face away from Cross, and finally say the truth.

- I-i need to pee...

He quickly covers his mouth, as if trying to take back what he said.

The embarrassment, pain, and urge is growing stronger with every minute, he's starting to panic.

Cross voice turns completely serious again, he looks at Nightmare, staring directly into your eyes, his face expresses nothing but calm, Nightmare sense in the air that the situation has turned serious.

- Did I hear you correctly?

You need to pee?

He asks in a calm and ironic tone, like if he was making fun of your situation.

Nightmare looks back up at Cross, his eyes filled with pure embarrassment and pain, it is almost too much to handle.

- P-please, don't mention it!

It's... it's just a small urge!

I c-can hold- hold it-

He says, squirming even more, he's starting to tear up in shame.

- But how about I remind you of it?

Cross smirks and starts to move even closer to you.

- You're in pain

Your legs are shaking

You're looking away

You look like

You're in pain and it's obvious...

His gaze becomes more piercing and his voice more ironical, and he comes even closer to Nightmare.

- You must piss so bad...

Cross knows perfectly well that Nightmare cannot hold on any longer, but he continues to provoke him.

- Please Cross...

I-I-

Cross turns around and puts his hands on Nightmare's waist.

- W-WTF CROSS!?

Cross starts to caress Nightmare's waist, Nightmare groans at this, crossing his legs trying to contain himself.

At one point Cross simply squeezes Nightmare's ectoplasmic bladder, making Nightmare unable to contain himself any longer.

Nightmare feels a hot liquid run down his legs, he looks down without being able to do anything else.

- See? I knew you couldn't hold it anymore...

Tears stream down Nightmare's face as he feels the shame, damn he just wishes he could go to the bathroom after a long day...

